                          Match Maker, Match Maker?

                          an essay by Brielle Potter

Being a Daria 'enthusiast', I've read a countless amount of fan fiction, on
many topics and by many authors, some better writers than others. A topic that
is often mentioned in fan fic is the one storyline that fans wish to see as
much as possible on the actual show: Daria and Trent. Apparently, the bits and
pieces of Trent and Daria romance that the show's writers toss at us aren't
enough to satisfy some, so 'shipper writers create episodes so chock full of
mushy T+D it could make someone sick! Practically every writer of fan fic has
taken a stab at a romantic story between Trent and Daria, myself included, but
a related idea is almost always incorporated along with the 'shipper aspect.
This idea brings up the question I'd like to address: Am I the only one who
doesn't see Jane as some crazed yenta???

Read any fan fic where Trent and Daria get together in any respect, and you're
likely see that it was Jane's idea/plot/treachery that connected the two
misguided persons. I've seen everything from Jane tricking Trent into staying
overnight at the Morgendorffers', to Jane handcuffing them together in the
basement! Now, I may be mistaken, but don't you think these writers have
severly exaggerated the Jane-as-matchmaker theme?

If you look at the show Daria, and watch a few choice episodes, you will see
that there are actually very few occasions where Jane has done any more than a
little hinting or persuading between Trent and Daria. "Road Worrier" was the
first episode to directly address this little crush, and also the first to
show Jane doing a little meddling. In the episode, all Jane did was try to get
Daria to sit next to him, and pencil in a little 'alone time' between the two!
Fan fic writers seem to take the few instances where Jane tried to "help"
Daria out and turn them into some crazy attempt to get the two together by any
means necessary! The only other episode where Jane made a direct attempt to
join the two together was in "That Was Then, This is Dumb". Even then, it
seemed fairly innocent, and perhaps just a way to make Daria a little
uncomfortable.

The reason why Jane might have done these MAY have been a hidden desire to see
her best friend and her brother together, but more likely she just wanted to
make Daria unconsciously drop her defensive wall of cynicism and make her
squirm a little. So, if you choose to write a realistic fan fic, please be
logical, and take a little perspective before you portray Jane as some insane
matchmaker.


Written by Brielle Potter
E-mail comments to Janey1025@hotmail.com
August 10th, 1999
