HAS IT FALLEN YET?

DEFINING "DARIA"

I leave the message boards for two days, come back and there's 
upwards of six hundred messages there waiting for me. Of course, one 
of those two days included the first screening of the show's season 
finale, so a little active discussion is to be expected. I idly 
wonder how the old 'shipper delineations are going to last. Get 
inside, and find that we've got a comparably huge influx of new 
posters, almost all of the old ones are there, and unlike before, 
almost *nobody* is sitting on the fence. Roughly fifty percent are 
loving the new episodes and anxiously awaiting for Is It Fall Yet? 
for further development of the relationships (I'll call them category 
one), about 40% are aghast at the romance in what was once a show 
above all that and dreading the assumed further horrors of IIFY 
(category two), and most of the remaining ten have the same issues 
with the romance but look forward to IIFY to get the whole unpleasant 
business over with -- having faith in Glenn to deliver some genuinely 
new goods in Season Five (category three). Beyond that, well, you've 
got CN and one or two others avoiding the cacophony in the New 
Episodes forum altogether and posting deliberately unserious message 
(what if Daria *did* turn into Melrose?), and one or two disappointed 
-- but quiet -- D/Trent 'shippers.

I'm not expecting more than a minority of fans -- that ten percent I 
mentioned earlier might, perhaps -- to agree with what I have to say, 
and naturally I've tried to understand why everyone's opinions lie 
where they do. It becomes obvious pretty quickly that it depends on 
what they want from the show as compared to what we're getting.

There is one universal truth -- everyone likes the cynicism. If they 
didn't, as evidenced by my "Daria"-hating friends, they wouldn't be 
"Daria" fans. End of story. That said, the vast majority of the 
"category ones" seem to want a realistic show about a believable, if 
unusually cynical, growing character, and while that doesn't 
necessarily include romance, it can.

But wait a second. A realistic representation of a teenage girl. On 
MTV. Animated. Spun off from "Beavis & Butthead". Am I the only one 
that sees a problem here? Obviously, people are going to expect a 
shallow comedy, and be surprised, normally pleasantly, when that's 
not what they get. Like I said before, even the most rampant hater of 
DDMD thinks better of it than "Dawson's Creek", "Undressed", and the 
umpteen other "realistic teenager" (note the quotes) shows. Most of 
those who like DDMD et al have no problem with this, nor should they. 
They're getting their character development, and Tom *is*, if nothing 
else, a credible love interest for both Daria and Jane.

The main problem that I have with this is that I've never seen 
"Daria" as remotely realistic. Okay, so the title character's so 
cynical and misanthropic that the highest praise she gives to anyone 
is that "they were pretty cool", that's all right, it'll probably 
abate slightly as she grows, fine, but look at the photos in the 
"Diaries" -- surely the kid must have smiled *once* in her childhood! 
Or take a look at Brittany's military genius in TDH. And the 
medically inexplicable rash in "Ill" (no smart comments from the 
'shippers, thanks). The magical disappearing piercing in "Pierce Me". 
The Episodes That Shall Not Be Named, and justifiably so. "The 
Lawndale File". Daria's subconscious must double as an encyclopaedia 
of pop culture if her dream sequences (most obviously in "Murder She 
Snored") are anything to go by. The amount of recurring characters 
("recurring" meaning "having lines in at least three episodes") who 
act like human beings on the program, rather than stereotypes only 
two or three-dimensional in the sense that they have two or three 
different dimensions shown in different episodes, can almost be 
counted on the fingers of one hand. Daria, Jane, Jodie, Mack, Tom, 
and possibly Helen and Mrs Bennet. And that's *it*. I may have left 
one or two out, but you get the idea. Like I said, I don't see 
"Daria" as a realistic show, and its three-act22-minute format 
doesn't suit it as being much else *but* an unrealistic, light, 
comical program *if* we're keeping it episodic -- "Write Where It 
Hurts", for example, was a passable episode, but it would have been 
much better if some of the mother-daughter tension had been built up 
earlier in the season instead of cramming it all into the one 
episode. Of course, this is exactly what the writers did with the 
story arc including "Fire!" and DDMD, which I'll deal with later.

Most other people who don't like the new episodes simply want 
something different from all the other "realistic teen" shows, the 
ones which they're so tired of. One which doesn't need the king of 
soapie clichés to keep itself going. And in the first few seasons, we 
got it. In big lumps. Daria and Jane got together and made sure that 
the fashion-fakes, fascist teachers and just plain stupid got theirs. 
Okay, so there was the whole D/Trent thing, but it was handled 
reasonably well and didn't take up too much time (only one episode a 
season). Plus there was occasional caustic piece of social commentary 
to boot ("Too Cute", "The Misery Chick"). The social commentary 
stayed on at least through the third season ("The Lost Girls") but 
has basically disappeared in favour of the relationships between 
Daria, Tom and Jane. A love triangle. Which we've seen a million 
times before in other shows, or rather haven't because we've turned 
off the other shows in disdain.

Of course, if you want character growth, and can look over the 
clichés, then no problem, and good luck to you. *I* just hope they 
can get this out of the way far more quickly than they brought it in.

IF IT'S A NEW BEGINNING, THEN I DON'T WANT TO KNOW

I'm quoting Bis. I must be desperate.

While I'll reserve final judgement on the new episodes until I've 
seen them (I live in Australia), from what I have read, I'm far from 
having even a Darian -- well, season-one Darian -- form of optimism. 
For every blindly hateful tirade against Dye! Dye! My Darling, 
there's at least one reasoned post of mourning from a "category two", 
or a reasoned post of hope in adversity from a "category three". And 
I frankly just don't buy most of the category one arguments.

Okay, so Daria is growing as a character. I don't know of *anyone* 
who has any problem with character development per se. Okay, so Jane 
and Daria are having the occasional argument. No big deal -- it's 
been going on in one form or another since The Misery Chick. The 
problem is with *how* the characters are being developed and driven 
against one another. "How" is by bringing in a shared love interest 
for Daria and Jane. By MTV's own description, a love triangle. Could 
there possibly be anything *more* clichéd? Does anyone remember  when 
the complete *lack* of significant boyfriend/girlfriend relationships 
was something that stood "Daria" apart from every other bloody teen 
show on television? You try and find another show that's even tried 
that which hasn't backslided or been cancelled. And please, people, 
don't tell me you've swallowed the myth that every teenager has BF/GF 
troubles at school. As Kara Wild amongst others has pointed out, it 
simply doesn't happen to everyone -- *especially to those who avoid 
the spotlight as much as Daria does.* "Daria", the TV show, isn't 
turning into an animated version of "Dawson's Creek", but it's 
getting far, *far* too easy to tar the two shows with the same 
teen-cliché brush.

"But wait! It was getting... stale! Stagnant, even!" I hear you cry. 
Fair enough (groan). Maybe it was. But the cures they've offered seem 
to be far worse than the disease. If the writers have run out of 
ideas but don't have the guts or objectivity to pull the plug, then 
it's far better that they keep going through the motions, however 
bored we may get, rather than bring in the oldest cliché in the 
soap-opera handbook, however funny or high-quality they try to make 
it. My favourite ep out of the first half of S4 (which I have seen) 
was "Antisocial Climbers", though it hardly ranks up there with ANC 
or TMC. Okay, so most fans, including me, were getting at least a 
little sick of the basic field-trip plotline, which had been run 
through four or five times on the series before. Now, tell me, how 
many times has this whole love-triange business been played out over 
the years on programs vastly inferior to the one we follow? Even if 
by some miracle you've never actually seen it on screen, you get the 
unsettling feeling you have, and for me at least, no amount of 
sarcastic quips from OH can cover that up. In addition, if the show 
is running low on creativity, the *last* thing the writers want to do 
is start acknowledging the past in all its repetitive glory, thereby 
emphasising the changes they have made... and the inconsistencies and 
mistakes they're making in the process. Like Jane's apparently 
magically disappearing taste for intellectual discussion (Fire!). Or, 
back in ILAP, Daria's need to be told to find a little humour in 
senseless tragedy (sound familiar?) -- something she's been doing, 
and when given the opportunity, causing, on a regular basis since the 
*beginning of season one*! Make all the excuses you like, but call a 
spade a spade. It's not growth so much as destruction -- or just 
plain bad writing. Which isn't to say that the first seasons were 
paragons of quality, originality and consistency, just that the 
addition of this story arc and *this* form of character development 
and shown up all the holes in the tapestry for what they are.

What makes the whole thing even more frustrating is the fact that 
fanfic authors have done a perfectly good job of bringing in 
character development convincingly. Of course fan fiction should *in 
theory* never be used as a substitute for the real thing, but let's 
be honest here. Does *anyone* actually *prefer*, say, The F Word to 
Outvoted as a character-development vehicle for Jane? Of course, Kara 
has a couple of advantages on Glenn and Rachelle Romberg (who wrote 
both The F Word and the excellent See Jane Run) -- the fic author has 
an entirely voluntary length restriction of about 30 minutes. 
Meanwhile, the official writers have to stick to the three-acts 
22-minute format, in which it is extraordinarily difficult, if not 
impossible, to properly resolve a complex plotline in. On the other 
hand, they're professionals. But wait -- they're professionals who 
have to keep the show solvent by trying to live up to both fans' 
(half of whom want, and have every right to want, what I'm tirading 
against) and the executives' expectations. While a good fanfic author 
can come up with and stick to a season-length story arc and write on 
their own time at their own pace, the official writers have to have 
thirteen episodes a year written, directed and drawn in time for the 
end of summer. I'm not sure how that explains the lack of 
communication which would allow for the inconsistencies, but perhaps 
DDMD is all we can reasonably expect given all this -- hell, this is 
MTV, we should be grateful for *anything* worthwhile, and even the 
harshest accounts of DDMD have it ahead of their usual programming, 
if not by much -- though that wouldn't explain CD gems like See Jane 
Run.

So I do still have some hope. Maybe when the episodes do get down 
here it'll turn out I was wrong going by considered hearsay (though 
it seemed to fit well enough with my opinions of the first half of 
the season), the episodes will be wonderful, and all this whinging 
will have been for a false alarm. But I doubt it. That said, I feel 
the "category twos" are worrying unnecessarily. Glenn Eichler may be 
the driving force behind the very worst of "Daria", but he's also the 
driving force behind the very best of it. It could be he's using 
love-triangle subplot to get the wider-appeal-minded MTV execs off 
his back for a wonderfully sarcastic season five. Okay, maybe not, 
but there's no reason why the man who wrote Arts 'N Crass and 
Esteemsters won't be able to resolve the damn thing within a two-hour 
(or however long it's going to be) telemovie, and get the show "back 
on track" if you will. If, on the other hand, the triangle tension or 
whatever you want to call it is still around into season five, then 
it's time to take the show out back and do the merciful thing.
