An Appeal For Sanity

     On December 6, Michelle Klein-Hass decided to pull the plug on 
Lawndale Commons, one of the famed Daria mega-sites.  The decision came
after an angry post about her moderation of the Lawndale Commons 
message board, which, according to many reports, had been declining in
quality over the last few months.  Michelle succumbed to the pressure
of verbal attacks by ungrateful fans, which is exactly what she said 
forced Roweena Stubbs and Katherine Goodman of Planet Daria and 
alt.lawndale.com respectively, into retirement.  Her essay "Daria 
Fandom: A Question of Gratitude" was a Cassandra's warning about this 
sort of thing getting out of control.  So now the flames have been 
flying in the other direction as well, sometimes taking on a rather 
scary tone. 

     On a related note, I recently moved my other web site,
the one with my anthropomorphic, or "furry" art (which means animals 
with humanoid characteristics, or vice-versa, think Teenage Mutant 
Ninja Turtles or even Looney Tunes), because the owner of
the server and domain that it was on pulled the plug on it after a hard
drive failure became the straw that broke his back after months of 
hard work maintaining the server that housed nearly 200 web sites.  
I felt bad for him, and even did a small drawing in tribute to this 
incident, but I didn't send it to him until it came to my attention 
that he was now the subject of many a rumor about how he was leaving 
the fandom, or was going to charge for his services, or even that he 
was "going elitist".  The toll that all this took on him from average 
schmoes without a real important stake in the issue is truly sad to 
see.

     There are those people who make and maintain these web sites, and 
there are those who take a few minutes out of the day to enjoy them.
To the former group, this is a large part of their lives, and to the 
latter, this is just a diversion, mostly.  The fact that so much ill 
will can erupt over the spending of a little bit of your day in passive
entertainment has never ceased to amaze me.  Over the last few weeks,
our good friend Martin has been late on a few updates (late to a 
deadline he set himself, I might add), or has neglected to post a few 
things, and some people decide to jump on him.  This seems to me 
akin to yelling at the manager of a restaurant because your french 
fries are lukewarm.

     In short, there is a problem of perspective here.  People like 
Michelle and Martin are taking much time and money out of their lives 
to put up something you can do in your spare time.  I can't help but 
think of a certain line from a certain TV show that has already been 
used in the Outpost essay section.  "It's Just A Show", or in this 
case, a web site, "You Should Really Just Relax".  Before you hound the
webmaster, or the other people who post to a message board, take a
look out the nearest window.      