A Kiss for Quinn

Scene 1: Jane and Daria are seen obliquely from above walking to the
cafeteria.

Daria: So, Jane, what did you think about that lecture on human knowledge
Saturday?

Jane: Oh, I don't know. I guess it just bothers me that anyone in their right
mind would think that there's nothing more to life than thinking substances.
Seems a little self-absorbed, doesn't it?

Daria: Yeah. Some guy's brain cell gets a jolt and suddenly he thinks he's
everything! Those Cartesian's. Then again, if Britney had a revelation like
that, should we recommend she be sent off to Harvard to study Descartes'
Meditations?

Jane: Oh, come now, my Daria! First off, just because she has a revelation,
(and I think this highly unlikely) doesn't mean she's a thinking thing. She's
not even that! She calls putting on makeup thinking for God's sake! She'd
never fit in with the Cartesians. You have to have a mind to be one.

Daria: Yeah, I guess you're right.

Jane: By the way, why the hell was Quinn at that lecture? Does she have a
death wish that she wants Sandy to carry out for her?

Daria: Who knows. Ever since she got tutored in history over the summer she's
been acting really weird.

Jane: Well, do me a favor. Don't let it go to her head!

Daria: Sure. And while I'm at it, shall I stop Old Faithful from gushing water
periodically, too? Jane chuckles, and they enter the cafeteria.

Scene 2: We see Quinn sitting on her bed, watching TV.

Male Voice: This is WPTV, Lawndale, your public television source for
everything the mind needs, and here's a special announcement: Those of you who
attended the lecture given by University of Bristol Descartes scholar Todd
Richardson this past Saturday (and any other interested parties for that
matter) will be pleased to know that videocassette recordings of that lecture
are available by calling us here at 555-WPTV right now! Just $4.95 buys you
all of Todd's meditations on the Meditations, so call now! Your contributions
will help support the programming you have so religiously watched all these
years. (At this Quinn winces.) She takes her purse off the hook on her closet
door where it dangles lifelessly and begins rummaging through it.)

Quinn: Oh no. I forgot I spent all my money on that loser biker guy Dave
Saturday night. (We hear someone knock on Quinn's door.

Quinn: It's open. (Daria steps in one pace, and her jaw drops.)

Quinn: What are you staring at?

Daria: You? Watching public TV. Maybe the psychiatric ward really is right for
you after all, Quinn. But first come downstairs so we can have dinner so I can
go back to being a miserable bitch.

Quinn (lowers her voice slightly): As if dinner is any different from any
other time of day for you.

Daria: Girl's gotta maintain her image, wouldn't you agree, oh fashion freak?

Quinn: For your electrifying edification, I'm going to ask mom for $5 or $6 to
buy a videocassette recording of Saturday's lecture!

Daria: Look, Quinn, if you really want mascara that badly I'll lend you the
stupid money, okay?

Quinn: I'm not fibbing, Daria!

(Daria just gives her a sidelong glance and walks away)

Scene 3: We see Daria, Quinn, Helen, and Jake eating lasagna at the dinner
table.

Helen: So, kids. How did it go, today?

Quinn: Oh, all right, I guess. But mom, can I have $5 or $6...

Helen: Quinn, didn't you buy mascara Friday night for one of your dates?

Quinn: (thumps her right hand on the table in frustration)
Ma'''aaaaaaahhhhhhhm, it's not for that. I wanna buy this video of the lecture
about Descartes: Meditations from Saturday!

Daria: Yeah, now that I think of it, aren't you low on videotapes to record
those asinine soap operas?

Helen: Now, Daria, be supportive. Quinn, I will be more than happy to give you
$6 to cover tax, if there is any. I'm so glad to see you broadening your
knowledge base, honey. I think you'll find it quite rewarding, sweetheart.

Quinn: Yeah, me too.

Jake: Yeah, kiddo, that's great!!

Helen: Shut up, Jake! You have no frigging idea what we're talking about!

Jake: I do too! Doesn't it have something to do with meditating about carts
during the day?

Helen: Go back to sleep, Jakey.

Jake: Aw, damn it all!

Quinn: So, I can have it?

Helen: Actually, dear, why don't you call WPTV and find out how much it is,
with or without tax, and I'll write you a check.

Quinn: Oh, thank you, mom!

Scene 4: It is Thursday, three days later. We see Quinn, Stacy, and Sandy
sitting in Mr. De Martino's classroom listening to a lecture on the
Presidential election of 1800.

Mr. DeMartino: Now, can any of you neophytes tell me who won the popular vote
in the 1800 election? (He looks right at Quinn, but she is saved by the
intercom.

Ms. Lee: Attention! This is your principal speaking, so listen up, everyone of
you! WPTV has asked that all students and faculty be notified of a special
signing session to be held tomorrow in the Lawndale High Auditorium. Todd
Richardson, the nineteen-year-old prodigy who lectured on Descartes'
Meditations this past Saturday will be signing anything and everything, since
he is sure no one has a copy of that timeless classic. All interested students
should report to the auditorium after school tomorrow. That is all. Thank you!

Mr. DeMartino: Now, as I was saying before I was so rudely interrupted, who
won the 1800 popular vote, Jefferson or Burr. Ms. Morgendorfer.

Quinn (stomach turns to water) Ahm...um...er...that is...mmm...(timidly) Burr?

Mr. DeMartino: Gee, Quinn. You don't sound so sure.

Quinn: I...I...I'm not, sir. (slumps down in her chair)

Mr. DeMartino: Well, it just so happens...that you're right on the money!

Sandy glares hotly at Quinn, and Quinn notices a tear form at the left corner
of Stacy's left eye. Quinn squirms uncomfortably.

Scene 5: In the lunchroom that day, Stacy, Sandy, Tiffany, and Quinn are
seated at a table on the far side of the cafeteria.

Sandy: All right, Quinn. What was that utterly atrocious display in De
Martino's class earlier this morning? I cannot believe you had the unmitigated
gall to answer one of that gum head's questions correctly!

Quinn (nervously) S...Sandy, I swear, it was an accident. He was looking right
at me! I had to say something! Oh, Sandy (lip begins to quiver) please don't
kick me out of the Fashion Club. I promise it won't happen again!

Sandy: You're membership will be unimpaired only if you stop that pathetic
sniveling! (Quinn is silent)

Sandy: The next time that stuffed shirt asks you a question, tell him you
don't know the answer, is that perfectly clear?

Quinn: Y...Yes. I just don't want to upset my parents. If they found out I'm
still slacking off they'll kill me.

Sandy: And you listen to everything your parents tell you, is that it? (Quinn
lowers her head and shakes it)

Sandy: Good. Now let's put this little fiasco behind us and pretend it never
happened, okay? (The other three nod)

Scene 6: It is Friday, right after the last period has concluded. There are a
grand total of five people in the auditorium at Lawndale High! One of them is
a student, namely Quinn, who is joined by Mr. O'Neill, three other members of
the English department, and a member of the history Department (not Anthony De
Martino).

Mr. O'Neill: Ms. Morgendorfer, it's...ah...good to see you. What brings you to
this neck of the woods, if I may inquire?

Quinn (laughs nervously) Well...ahhhh...I guess...that is...I was hoping to
have Todd Richardson sign my notebook (holds it up for good measure). He's
so...intelligent. (She laughs nervously, but Mr. O'Neil puts a reassuring hand
on her shoulder)

Mr. O'Neill: I'm quite proud of you, Ms. Morgendorfer! It's so honorable to
see that you've finally conquered your fears about academia and your rightful
place in it. Kind of reminds me...oh, never mind...it's a long story. Anyway,
keep up the good work, Quinn!

Quinn winces, but can say nothing. At that point Todd Richardson enters the
auditorium, accompanied by a finely dressed middle-aged man, presumably a
mentor of some kind. Todd walks down to where the five are standing.

Todd: Good afternoon, all. I'm elated to see that at least a few of you
retained enough interest to take a few moments out of what I imagine is a very
busy schedule (he pronounces this "shedule") to come visit with me and have
your keepsakes signed by me. I would like all of you to meet my thesis
sponsor, Dr. Byron McDermott, who received his graduate degrees in philosophy
at the University of Paris.

Dr. McDermott nods his head slightly and affects a rather dry smile.

Todd: Right. Well now, don't just stand about gaping, one of you come on up
here, eh? (He looks around at the shy faces.)

At this point Quinn steps forward shyly.

Quinn: Ahhhh...hi, there. My name is Quinn Morgendorfer. I attended your
lecture on the Meditations on First Philosophy last week.

Todd: Oh, yes. I recall now. As I remember you made some astute observations
about how Descartes was able to discard many of his doubts by the end of the
Sixth Meditation.

Quinn had indeed made some intelligent comments about the way his thought
proceeded in Descartes' mind, but this was too much for her!

Quinn (quite flustered) Well, you know (chuckles nervously) if you can't
believe in anything but a mind, what's the point of life, right?

Todd: Oh, I agree utterly with you, Ms. Morgendorfer. It shocked me at first
when I read it, but on further meditation, if you'll excuse the pun, it makes
rather a lot of sense, doesn't it?

Quinn: Yeah, I mean, if something appears and then disappears so quickly, and
you're awake, it has to be a ghost, doesn't it?

Todd: Fabulous. Quinn, you're a philosopher at heart, I'm telling you!

Quinn: M..me?

Todd: Sure. Anyone who can understand the Meditations as thoroughly as you do
is truly equipped for it.

Quinn (smiles nervously) Yeah, I guess so, huh.

Todd: Right, well, come on over here and let me sign your pad, dear.

Quinn walks deliberately towards him, holds out her notebook to him, and he
signs it.

*** Todd Richardson, M.A. Department of Philosophy and Religion, University of
Bristol. ***

Quinn reads it, and smiles.

Todd: By the way, would you mind remaining a little after? I wish to inquire
something of you.

Quinn: Well.um...you can't do it here?

Todd: That would be a marvelous idea if what I had to tell you wasn't
something personal that has been on my mind since last Saturday.

Quinn: Oh...ah...okay. How about if I call you at your hotel later?

Todd: That's rather a fair idea, I should like to think. Here, let me have
that pad back, and I'll pen my telephone number on it. (Quinn complies, then
leaves for home)

Scene 7: As Quinn leaves the auditorium, Sandy happens to walk past.

Sandy: All right, Quinn. What is the meaning of this. (Her tones are more
clipped than usual, indicating severe agitation).

Quinn: Oh, hi, Sandy. Ah...um...er....

Sandy: Quinn, I'm warning you! You better not lie to me, do you understand?

Quinn: Sandy, I was just seeing how my hair looked in the light in the
auditorium. It gives it a rather interesting tinge, you know.

Sandy: Yes, and while you were checking your hair in the light did you happen
to run into that nerd who is supposedly signing people's belongings?

Quinn: Sandy, what are you talking about!

Sandy: Look, Quinn. I'm getting a little sick and tired of playing games with
you! I want the truth!

Quinn (frantic) I swear, Sandy. It was nothing. I just wanted to...

Sandy: Oh, forget it Quinn. The rest of us are going to Cashman's. Since I
happen to be in a good mood, I'll let you tag along, but no funny business, is
that understood?

Quinn: Y...yes. (Lowers her head)

Scene 8: Later that same evening, Quinn sits down on her bed, picks up her
telephone, and dials a number. Ring...ring...ri..

Voice: Hello.

Quinn: Ah...yes, may I please speak with (clears her throat) Todd Richardson,
please. (Her nervousness is obvious).

Todd: Speaking. May I inquire who's calling, please?

Quinn: H...hey, Todd, it's Quinn Morgendorfer. How are you?

Todd: Oh, hello, Quinn. I'm so glad you called back! Where did you get to? I
was starting to worry.

At the word "worry," Quinn is slightly surprised.

Quinn: Oh, you know. Just out shopping with some friends at this clothing
store called Cashman's. Have you heard of...

Todd: Oh, come now, Quinn. Don't tell me you spent your time with those
two-bit bimboes. (His voice is almost crooning).

Quinn feels her face getting hot.

Quinn (nervously) W...what do you mean, Todd? Do you even know them?

Todd: Oh, Quinn. Your sister told me all about that rubbish.

Quinn: My sister?

Todd: Oh, yes! We had lunch Tuesday, or didn't I tell you?

Quinn: B...but, they're my friends.

Todd: Oh, Quinn, you are a card! Don't you realize that they have all the
brain power of processed dromedary lard?

Quinn: B...but...

Todd: Listen, Quinn. Ever since I saw you last Saturday, I've wanted to get to
know you a little better. You really impressed me quite potently, you know.
Come on over to the hotel tomorrow night. There's a nice little French
restaurant on the top floor there that I would like you to see. We can
converse and acquaint ourselves with one another. Right, well, how about it?

Quinn: Well, ah...mmm...I...guess so. I don't think I have anything planned
for tomorrow night, anyway.

Todd: Great! Then it's agreed. I'll see you tomorrow night at seven o'clock,
okay?

Quinn: Okay. I'll be there, Todd. (She says this last in a soft, almost loving
voice, and gently hangs up the phone, and sits on her bed and smiles).

At that moment, a light rapping is heard at Quinn's door.

Quinn: It isn't locked.

The door opens and Daria steps through.

Daria: Um...Quinn? Can I talk to you for a second?

Quinn (slightly surprised) What about?

Daria: Um...actually, it's about Todd.

Quinn: Todd. You mean Todd Richardson. What about him?

Daria: Um...are you really sure you want to hang out with this guy?

Quinn: Daria, what on Earth are you talking about?

Daria: Quinn, I know it's hard to believe this, but I happened by pure chance
to walk past your room and hear you setting up something with him. I had lunch
with him the other day, and he seemed really suspicious.

Quinn: Look, Daria, just because you have to pull this cynic act doesn't mean
I have to go along with it, too. Todd's a really nice guy. I cannot see any
reason why he would want to hurt me.

Daria: Quinn...

Quinn: Look, Daria. I can take care of my own affairs, thank you, and I'd
prefer it if you stuck to your own. Now if you'll excuse me, I have to prepare
for bed. I need lots of sleep if Todd and I are to get on well tomorrow. Au
revoir.

Daria: (under her breath) Sianara, sucker.

Quinn: What was that, Daria?

Daria: Oh, nothing, Quinn. Nothing at all. I was just reciting a funeral dirge
I heard once. (She walks away at this point, leaving Quinn staring annoyedly
after her).

Scene 9: Saturday evening, around six o'clock. Quinn is in the bathroom,
fixing a few maladjusted strands of hair, and applying some eyeliner. She sees
Daria out of the corner of her eye and turns slightly toward her.

Quinn: Oh, hi, Daria. Come to give me one last chance to turn down my (sighs)
date this evening.

Daria: Look, Quinn. I really think you need to reconsider this. I'm telling
you, Todd's bad news.

Quinn: Enough, Daria. When everyone in the world agrees with your
black-and-white morality, then we'll talk, but until then, you'd best keep
your opinions to yourself.

Daria: Fine, Quinn. But don't even think about whining your eyes out at me
when this guy grinds you into confetti.

Quinn: Whatever, Daria, now could you excuse me? I'm trying to...

Daria: No, Quinn. I'm serious! I'm so sick of your ego! You're going to rot in
hell, and that's all there is to it!

Quinn: Okay.

Daria storms away.

Scene 10: Quinn and Todd meet in front of his hotel, after Jake drops her off.

Todd: Good evening, Quinn. Who was that dapper looking fellow there?

Quinn: Oh, you know. (giggles nervously) He's actually a friend of my
sister's.

Todd: Splendid, well, shall we?

Quinn smiles, and they enter the hotel and take the elevator to the top floor,
a room whose walls are made of glass. Crystal chandeliers hang everywhere.
Polished cherry-wood tables and chairs sit neatly lined up in three long rows.
Each table has a bleached white tablecloth on it, and place settings spaced
equidistant around it. Todd leads Quinn by the hand to a table by a far window
Her heart is racing.

Quinn: (to herself) Is this real? Is this guy this good? Does he truly,
actually, and honestly like me?

The two sit down, and a waiter in a black suit promptly approaches them.

Waiter: Bon soir, monsieur et mademoiselle. And how are we tonight?

Todd (smiling) Oh, charming, Jacques. Merci. Listen, Jacques, I would like to
introduce my friend, Quinn, here. Quinn, this is Jacques De Noire.

Quinn (chuckles) Jack Black. I like it!

Jacques: Ahhhh, I see that Mademoiselle has quite zee command for zee French
language, non?

Quinn: Well, actually, I just started taking Introductory French this year,
but I'm learning fairly fast.

Todd: Isn't she modest, Jacques? She put everyone else to shame at the lecture
last week, you know.

Jacques: Ahhhh, tr`es bien. Maintenant, what shall I bring for you two
lovebirds ce soir? A drink, an appetizer, perhaps.

Todd: Just a simple Cognac to start, Jacques.

Quinn: (scans the menu quickly) Ahhhh...actually, I think I'll
have...the...mineral water.

Jacques: D'accord. Un Cognac et un l'eau min`erale, right away, mes amis.

Scene 11: At the Morgendorfers' house, Daria is sitting on the sofa watching
TV.

Male Announcer: All he wanted was a little smoochy, but he promised her the
world. He told her she was his dream girl, but threw her away like yesterday's
garbage. Is it deceptive bliss for a worthless kiss? Find out next on "Sick,
Sad World."

Daria: Yeah, it is a sick, sad world, especially with egotistical hoe-bags
like Quinn living in it!

At that moment Helen Morgendorfer walks by, stops and enters the living room.

Helen: Daria, what's going on in here?

Daria: Oh, nothing, mom. Just realizing that Jerry Springer can't hold a
candle to your favorite egotistical slut.

Helen: Daria, what in the world's gotten into you!

Daria: Oh, come on, mom. Don't tell me you can't read the writing on the wall
either!

Helen: Daria, you're talking in riddles again!

Daria: Quinn's going out with this stuffed shirt from England tonight, and I
know he's gonna promise her the world, only to shove it up her skinny little
ass in the end. Can't any of you see that?

Helen: Daria, you're being an alarmist! Todd seems like a very intelligent,
sweet boy. What could he possibly do to Quinn!

Daria: That's just it mom!

Helen: What!

Daria: The operative word here is seems! That bastard's gonna give Quinn the
screwing of her life, and no one seems to care but me!

Helen: Daria, you're being ridiculous!

Daria: No, mom, I'm sick of this! It doesn't seem to matter to you what
happens to either of us. All you care about is your stupid-ass careers! Don't
you see we'll both be destroyed? Get your head out of your ass!

Helen: Young lady, that does it! Go on upstairs until you can act a little
more civilized than a rabid gorilla!

Daria (stands and flounces toward the stairs) I rest my case!

Scene 12: At the hotel restaurant, Quinn and Todd are sipping on beverages
brought by the waiter.

Todd: You know, Quinn. As I alluded to last night, I had lunch with your
sister. I'm not quite certain, but I got the impression she was rather
uncomfortable about me. You wouldn't happen to know why, would you? I didn't
do anything to offend her, do you think?

Quinn: Oh, Todd! Don't be silly! What could you possibly have done that would
make her suspicious. Oh wait, don't answer that. Grains of sand make her
suspicious.

Todd looks at his drink and thinks to himself.

Todd (to himself) Oh, Quinn baby, if only you knew! You're about to get it up
the ass!

Quinn: Todd?

Todd (looks up) Oh, ah, sorry about that Quinn, but for some reason I was
drawn to the way the bubbles sparkle in the chandelier light. It's really
quite beautiful I must say. Wouldn't you agree?

Quinn: (sighs) Oh, Todd. You are soooooooo romantic.

Todd (to himself) Oh, Quinn. You are such a dumb-ass.

Quinn: Todd, I...I...I really like you! You're sweet, intelligent,
sensitive...(sighs)

Todd: (to himself) Quinn, you're screwed in the head. All I really want is
some pucker. I can't get any of the girls at Bristol to pucker up, so some of
my buddies challenged me to get some elsewhere. I knew Americans were stupid,
but you take the cake, Frenchy.

Quinn: Todd, are you all right?

Todd: Oh...ah...yeah, I'm fine. I've...just...never been called those things
before. It's rather overwhelming.

Quinn: He's even modest!

Todd (to himself) Like hell. This is all about me, babe. It may be cruel, but
I'm a man with a mission, and you're my target!

Todd: Say, Quinn.

Quinn: (in a soft, loving voice) Yes, Todd?

Todd: Would you like to come downstairs to my room after this. I've got
something to show you. Don't worry. Wilfredo will be right outside. He's the
doorman I hired to keep watch while I'm in and out of my hotel here in the
states.

Quinn: Ah, sure, Todd, I guess.

At that moment the waiter approaches.

Waiter: D'accord, mes amis. What shall I bring pour votre entres?

Todd: Oh, just some fillet mignon, please, Jacques. That'd be splendid.

Quinn: Ah...that is...actually...I'll have that baked salmon, I think.

Waiter: Very nice. I shall return tr`es vitement avec votre d`iner.

The two sit in silence for a time. Finally Quinn breaks the silence.

Quinn: Gee, Todd. That three-piece suit of yours is quite...lovely. Is it new?

Todd: Oh, this old thing (tugs on one sleeve and laughs heartily) No no no. I
have had this for years. It was actually my father's originally, but he gave
it to me.

Quinn: What's your father like, Todd?

Todd: My father? Oh, he's all right, I suppose. He's not me, though.

Quinn: Huh?

Todd: He's a roofer, you see.

Quinn: How boring! How do you put up with it!

Todd: Oh, I don't really have to. He's hardly home. I spend most of my time
reading.

Quinn: I'll bet that's why you're soooooo intelligent.

Todd: Well read.

Quinn: Ex-squeeze me?

Todd: Oh, I prefer to think of myself as well read.

Quinn: Todd, don't be so modest! You're really intelligent! I admire you so
much!

Todd grits his teeth and clenches one fist under the table, but then is able
to regain himself.

Todd: (dryly) If you insist.

Quinn: What's Bristol like?

Todd: Are you referring to the region or the University?

Quinn: Well, both, I guess.

Todd: Oh, the city's nice enough. I usually stay on campus most of the time.
You'd really enjoy it there, you know.

Quinn: M...me?

Todd: Oh yes. People devote their entire being to academics and scholarship at
Bristol, you see. I think you might fit in there rather nicely. In fact, I
think you ought to come back with me some time soon, check out the campus, and
maybe take a few classes at the Lunsford School.

Quinn: W...what's the Lunsford School?

Todd: Oh, it's just a private little place some of my late relatives slapped
together in the early 1890's. Really a rather quaint little place. You'd learn
it all there: philosophy, religion, advanced maths, Classics, music, the lot!

Quinn: I...I'm not sure, Todd. I like math, but I'm not sure I'm that good...

Todd: Stuff and nonsense, Quinn. You must enjoy maths!

Quinn: Oh, I do, but I didn't do that well last year. I got a C for the year.

Todd: Don't worry, my dear. As long as you enjoyed it, you can do it. You
enjoyed it, didn't you?

Quinn: Well...yeah, kind of.

Todd: Listen, Quinn honey. Don't let these lowlifes hold you back! I can tell
by your eyes that calculus is your cup of tea, love.

Quinn: C...c...calculus? Are you sure?

Todd: Absolutely. Look, come along with me, and I'll show you a good time in
maths. You can start in the spring term.

Quinn: But what about my classes...

Todd: Quinn, Quinn, Quinn. Forget all that pocket calculator rubbish. You
don't need that fiddle-faddle. And you definitely don't need these neophytes
holding you back!

Quinn: (becoming interested) You, you think...?

Todd: I know, now what about it. Are you with me?

Quinn: Well, Daria has been nothing but a thorn in my side. And my parents!
Bleckh! And the Fashion Club hasn't done anything for me. I mean, we don't
actually do anything stimulating. We just shop and bad-mouth people. And of
course some of my teachers actually know less than I do! Okay, let me tell my
parents, then we're off whenever you are ready, Todd.

Todd: That's great. I will call my contacts back in Bristol and let them know
it's pretty much settled, right?

Quinn: Yes.

At that point, Daria comes up behind Quinn and puts one hand on her shoulder.

Quinn turns, and her jaw nearly hits the floor.

Quinn: (through clenched teeth) Daria, what are you doing! I'm in the middle
of beginning the rest of my life.

Daria: Quinn, I'm telling you! This guy's a fraud!

Quinn: No, Daria. I'm going to private school in Bristol, England starting
after the holidays. There's nothing you can do to change my mind! Now please
leave us in peace!

Daria: Quinn, you aren't going anywhere. This guy's...

Quinn (starts to raise her voice) No no no! I'm sick of this Daria! I'm so fed
up with everyone running my life! This is my life, do you hear me? You can't
tell me what to do anymore! Now get out, Daria!

Daria (glares at Todd hotly) I'm going to kill you for this! Don't think
you'll get away with this!

Todd: I...I don't understand, Daria. I thought you liked me at least a little.

Daria: Why don't you go to hell and leave my sister alone before I...!

At this point, the waiter appears behind Daria and taps her on the shoulder.

Daria: (turns to face him) What do you want, Frenchy!

Jacques: Il y a seems to be a problem here, non?

Daria: Yeah, I think the French call it le screwing de la vit from le cr`eme
de la crapper!

Jacques: I'm sorry, Miss, but reservations are required here. I'm afraid I
must ask you to leave, oui?

Daria: Yeah, and in the meantime Spotted Dick here is gonna shove his up my
sister's ass!

Jacques: Enough! (He snaps his fingers, and a suited security guard
approaches. By this time everyone has turned to see what's up. The guard takes
Daria by the arm and leads her away.

Daria: I'm killing you for this, brainiac! (She jabs a finger in Todd's
direction, but the guard continues to hustle her along, slightly more
expeditiously now.

Waiter (to Quinn and Todd) I am so sorry. Are monsieur and mademoiselle all
right?

Quinn and Todd: Yes sir!

Waiter: Bon. Carry on.

Quinn (biting her lip) Oh, Todd. I'm so...

Todd: Worry not, my love. I understand. I was your age once, too!

Quinn: You mean...?

Todd: Oh yes. Alison Richardson was probably the most overbearing witch in
Bristol. Auntie Alison, they called her. Rather amusing, I should like to
think! (he chuckles)

Quinn: How awful! (She can't help tittering a little as well)

Todd: Oh, yes! There was this one time when I offered to buy my mother some
tomato ketchup for our dinner. We were low, you see, and Alison comes marching
in. She tells my mother: "There's no way you're going to let Todd go anywhere
unsupervised, is that understood?" Well, my mother gave her a dressing down
that would make Sinead O'Connor flinch!

Quinn: Wow!

Todd: Yeah, Alison was quite the sporting scrapper, she was.

At that point the entres arrive, and Quinn and Todd eat in relative silence.
After finishing dinner, Todd and Quinn head downstairs to his hotel room,
where a burly Italian man in army fatigues greets them.

Todd: Quinn, I'd like you to meet my security watchman, Wilfredo Mancini. Say
hello to Quinn Morgendorfer, Willie my boy!

Wilfredo (shortly and quite businesslike) Hello, there. You two go in together
now? (he shakes Quinn's hand, a little more harshly than she would have
preferred)

Todd: Yes, that's right, Willie, you can let us in.

Reluctantly, Wilfredo produces a set of keys and, selecting one, unlocks the
door to Todd's suite.

Wilfredo: You go in, but me no wanna hear funny in there.

Todd: Oh, don't worry Will. Just keep watch out here!

Wilfredo nods his head brusquely.

Quinn and Todd enter the suite. It is quite large, with two rooms,
wall-to-wall plush carpeting, a fireplace set into one of the far walls, and a
queen-sized bed with satin bedclothes.

Todd leads Quinn to a drawer, opens it, and produces a small chunk of rock. He
holds it out to her.

Quinn: Hmmm! What's this, Todd?

Todd: Silly, it's a piece of the Blarney Stone. My father finagled our tour
guide into giving me a small chunk when we toured Ireland two summers ago.
Isn't it beautiful?

Quinn: It's...it's...wonderful! (She looks longingly into his eyes)

Todd: I've never cared about anyone like this, before, Quinn! You're all I
could possibly want!

Quinn (nervous) N...n...not, me?

Todd bends slightly, cups Quinn's smooth cheeks in his velvet hands, and
gently touches his lips to her right cheek. He breathes in and out very
slowly, and Quinn closes her eyes on contact. The kiss lasts for a mere ten
seconds, but for Quinn, it is a veritable lifetime! Todd strokes Quinn's long,
flowing hair, and she gently puts her arms about him and draws him to her. At
the end of ten seconds, Todd withdraws.

Quinn: Todd! (She is light-headed now, and begins to overbalance. She grabs at
the nearby drawer for support, but Todd catches her with both arms.

Todd: Easy there, little lady.

Quinn: Todd, that was...that was...that was...absolutely incredible!

Todd: I liked it too, Quinn. I liked it immensely. And there may be a lot more
where that came from.

Quinn sighs.

Todd: Now, pardon me for a moment. Alcohol always seems to make me have to
pee. (He adjourns to the bathroom, closing the door behind him.)

Quinn collapses onto Todd's bed, her mind whirling and racing at light speed.

Quinn: Oh, Todd. You really do like me! You do! You do! You do! (She becomes
dizzy again, and falls back on the bed. All this time she is completely
oblivious to the spitting, hacking, and gagging sounds emanating from the
bathroom, where Todd is putting on quite a show! He gargles into a cup full of
cold water, scrubs his face with a brillo pad from the medicine cabinet, and
runs a comb quickly through his hair. He steps from the bathroom and sees
Quinn sprawled out.

Todd: Quinn?

At this Quinn sits bolt upright.

Quinn: Oh, Todd. I'm so sorry. I was feeling a little dizzy.

Todd: Oh, Quinn!

Quinn: No, Todd. I'm serious! You're incredible! I've never met anyone like
you! I want to be with you always, Todd! I...I...I...love you...Todd.

Todd: I...love you...too, but it is getting rather late, so you should be
moving along, right?

Quinn (sighs) I suppose! May I use your phone?

Todd: Not necessary, my dear! Tonight you go home in style!

Quinn: W...what do you mean?

Todd: My chauffeur will take you back. I had best remain here and get ready to
retire, eh?

Quinn: Ah...sure. Where do I go?

Todd: Just head to the lobby, dear! Renee, the desk clerk will show you out to
the limousine.

Quinn (softly) Thank you, Todd!

Todd: Oh botheration! 'twasn't anything at all! Now off you go love! I'll
catch up with you Monday. I have some loose ends to tie up at the school.

Quinn (softly) I'll be there. (She exits the room and makes for the front desk
in the lobby.)

In the lobby, Quinn approaches the desk and is greeted by a tight-faced little
woman with horn-rimmed glasses. Her voice is rather nasal.

Woman: (crisply) I am Renee, zee desk clerk. Can I assist you?

Quinn: Oh, hi, Renee. Todd Richardson told me I should come down here and...

Renee: Right zis way, si vous pla`it. (She motions for Quinn to follow. Quinn
follows obediently.)

The two exit the hotel into the parking lot, where a limousine sits running.
The driver steps out and shakes Quinn's hand.

Driver: Hello, Quinn. My name's Douglass. I'll be escorting you home this
evening. (Quinn nods and gets in.)

Scene 13: Monday morning. Quinn enters the school and immediately sees Todd
heading for the main office quite casually. He sees Quinn and smirks. She goes
up to him.

Quinn (cheerfully) Hi, Todd. How's it going? By the way, I told my sister and
the Fashion Club about our date, but...well..you know...they just can't
understand! So how are you do... (Todd glares hotly at her.)

Todd (sharply) Go away, little girl, you bother me. Why don't you go play with
your toys or something. Or maybe you should tell your sweet mommy she wants
you!

Quinn: T...Todd, what's wrong! I thought!

Todd: Yeah, Kid. That's your bloody problem. You think way too damn much!

Quinn just stands there flabbergasted, unable to say anything. At this point,
as luck would have it, Daria approaches, ostensibly on her way to the main
office to pick up a message from home from Helen. She notices Quinn's shocked
expression.

Daria: Quinn, what's going on?

Quinn just stares into space, but can say nothing.

Daria: Todd, what the hell is going on?

Todd: Who wants to know!

Daria: I'm serious, dammit. Why is Quinn acting like that!

Todd: Oh, who knows. I suppose it could be that she was shallow, egotistical,
and self-absorbed enough to actually think that someone of my intelligence
would go out with a two-bit bitch like her! Look at her standing there like
the brainless bimbo that she is, not saying a bloody word for God's sake!

Quinn (finally) But...Todd...you said....

Todd: Christ almighty! All I wanted from you was a kiss! My buddies at Bristol
said if I could kiss some hoe-bag without getting pimp-slapped they'd finally
recognize me as a sociable member of society. I never was before...

Daria: (clenches her teeth) And you still aren't!

Todd: Right, well, at least I won the bet, and that's all that's important,
eh?

At this Daria's stoic wall falls away. She lunges and slaps Todd clear across
his mouth.

Daria (through clenched teeth) Sorry, stick boy! Looks like you lost this bet
after all! Oh, wait, I'm sorry. Now Lenny's gonna hate me. And I was such good
friends with him! Now what shall I do?

Todd: (wincing) What the f*ck are you talking about?

Daria: Lenny is a friend of mine down at the Lawndale office of the A.S.P.C.A.
He'll never forgive me for what I just did to you! But I do, (affects a mock
British accent) and that's all that's important, eh?

Todd: Yeah, well take another shot, bitch! Then we'll see how f*cking sorry
you are!

Daria: (begins to raise her voice) Oh, but I've already got a good
approximation of that! I won't be nearly half as sorry as you'll be if you
ever, ever, ever come within twenty feet of my sister again. Now get outta
here before I call the janitor! (With each "ever" Daria's voice rises to a
near shout, quite unusual for her.)

As for Quinn, she has stood, taking it all in. She can stand no more, and
emits a high-pitched screech that could conceivably shatter Plexiglass.

Quinn (with a mixture of unbridled passion and despair) Noooooooo!
Noooooooooo! Nooooooooooooo! Todd? Why? Todd? Why? (She runs frantically from
the scene, sobbing bitterly)

At this juncture Angela Lee approaches.

Ms. Lee: All right! All right! All right! Ms. Morgendorfer (points at Daria),
Mr. Richardson (points at Todd) What is the meaning of this!

Daria: (hands clenched in fists of pure fury) Oh, nothing, Ms. Lee! I was just
taking out the garbage!

Todd: Go to hell, you worthless little whore!

Daria: See you there, fartboy!

Ms. Lee: Silence! Ms. Morgendorfer, to class with you, now! And as for you,
Mr. Richardson, I'd strongly suggest you get your things together. Your plane
leaves in ninety minutes!

Todd nods, begins walking up the corridor from Daria and Ms. Lee, turns, gives
Daria the finger, and disappears. Daria turns and marches deliberately to
class.

Scene 14: Quinn is seated alone in the lunchroom, wolfing down a sandwich.
Sandy approaches and stands by Quinn's chair.

Sandy: Gee, Quinn! What in the world's your problem?

Quinn: Oh, what does it matter, Sandy? All men suck anyway!

Sandy: What are you talking about, Quinn?

Quinn: Oh, nothing, Sandy. I just had a really bad date Saturday night.

Sandy: Gee, Quinn. It must have been awful. Your eyes are all red and puffy!
Very unfashionable! Maybe if you tell me about it! I'm sure you'll feel much
better after bad-mouthing him a little.

Quinn (laughs nervously) Ahhh...uh...that is...I don't know...it's not that
important! He was just like all the other guys...

Sandy: Come on, Quinn! Let's hear it!

Quinn: Really, Sandy, it was nothing. I...

Sandy: (in very clipped tones) So what you are trying to say is that we're not
worthy enough to hear about your mystery date? Was your date better than ours?

Quinn (slightly panicked) Sandy, no!

Sandy: Well, then. If you don't want to compromise your high status in the
Fashion Club, I'd suggest you tell all.

Quinn looks about frantically, not sure what to say. Finally she speaks.

Quinn: (in very low tones) It was with Todd.

Sandy: Ex-squeeze me!

Quinn: I just told you, Sandy!

Sandy: (annoyed) I didn't hear you, Qu...

Quinn: (angrily) It was with Todd, okay? Now why don't you just rip my head
off like I know you want to!

Sandy: What the devil is wrong with you, Quinn? If I told you once, I've told
you a thousand times, it's not fashion-conscious to date brains, nerds, and
geeks, is it! You're supposed to date jocks, retards, and other people of good
fashion sense who you can take advantage of! I can't believe you sunk to this
level Quinn!

Quinn: But I thought he liked me! He even kissed me, Sandy! Then this morning
he tells me to go away, and that I bother him!

Sandy: First of all, Quinn, I would suggest you go home and gargle with
disinfectant. Secondly, why on Earth were you kissing a brain in the first
place?

Quinn: He treated me so nice Saturday, Sandy! I honestly thought he deeply
cared...

Sandy: Oh, stop it, Quinn! You're making me sick! You got what you deserved!
If you were stupid enough to fall for such a cheap trick, then you had it
coming!

Quinn: (stands up and jabs her index finger in Sandy's face) You know what,
Sandy! I don't think I care what you think anymore! I am getting a little sick
and tired of being ordered around by you and those other hunks of fluff over
there! And I'm sick to death of being told what I've done wrong! (her voice
starts to rise now) Nothing I ever do is good enough for you! Well, guess
what, Sandy! I'm finished. I'm done taking orders, and I'm done taking abuse!
Effective immediately you are minus a vice-president! Now get out of my life!

Sandy (slightly taken aback) Fine, Quinn! I'm sad to see you go, but we don't
need you! We don't need anyone!

Quinn: Don't you, Sandy? Don't you?

Scene 15 At home, Quinn is lying on her bed, sobbing softly. She notices the
slab of stone Todd had given her during their fiasco, and walks to it. It is
not large, but not miniscule, either. It measures about six or seven inches on
a side. She picks it up in both hands, turns slowly toward her window, and
looks at it. Slowly, a demonic, insane smile works its way across Quinn's
face. She holds the stone in her right hand, slings it back, and hurls it
full-tilt at her closed window. An explosive crash is heard, and the rock
sails a short distance through the air before landing with a thud on the lawn.
Quinn begins laughing. It is the laugh of a lunatic, of someone driven to the
edge, and then shoved over it. Her eyes are burning, wide and wild, and her
nostrils are flaring. Her heart is racing. At that moment, a loud knock is
heard at the door.

Quinn: (almost demonically) Who is it?

The door swings open, and Daria steps in.

Daria (shocked) Quinn, what the hell happened in here?

Quinn (continues to laugh demonically) Oh, nothing, good sister! I was just
getting rid of the one thing that actually meant something in my life.

Daria: Quinn, I don't know what happened Saturday, but it's obviously
bothering you to the point of manifest violence.

Quinn: Oh, don't worry, sis. You don't have to cheer me up. I don't deserve
it! I'm beyond help! But I can't help but remember what you said the other
day. I guess I am brainless, egotistical, and a worthless hoe-bag!

Daria: Quinn...

Quinn: No, Daria, I don't blame you! You were right, as always, and I screwed
up royal! I got what I deserved! Thank you for helping me see the light,
Daria!

Daria: Quinn! No one deserves to be treated like a worthless piece of park
trash! That guy gave you one up the ass!

Quinn: I do deserve it! (now her demonic laughter has turned to frantic
hiccupping)

Daria: No, Quinn!

Quinn (suddenly her demonic, insane exterior is shattered, whether by Daria or
of its own accord( Yes I do, yes I do, yes I do!

She collapses on the bed and begins sobbing dejectedly. Daria walks to the bed
and sits down. She strokes Quinn's soft hair for a while. Quinn continues to
sob, emitting hiccupping noises punctuated by high-pitched squeals of utter
despondency and despair. Daria continues stroking her hair for a few moments,
until Quinn turns her face toward Daria.

Quinn (through tears) Why, Daria? Why are you comforting me! You were right

Daria: Quinn.

Quinn: I am shallow and egotistical!

Daria (a little louder) Quinn.

Quinn: No, Daria. I was stupid and egotistical enough to fall for that jerk. I
made my bed, now I have to...

Daria: Quinn! You don't deserve anything like that!

Quinn: No? And why not!

Daria: (suddenly, her lip begins to quiver) Be...be...because...you...you're
my sister, dammit!

Quinn: Then why...why did you...

Daria: I don't know. I was trying to be overprotective, I suppose. Todd told
me on Tuesday that he was a man with a mission. I wasn't sure what he meant by
it then, but I'm pretty sure I am now! He really hurt you, didn't he, Quinn?

Quinn (her tears flow anew) Oh, Daria. He...he bought me dinner. He gave me a
piece of the Blarney Stone. He told me I was the most intelligent girl he'd
ever met! He...he said I was a true scholar. Calculus was right up my alley.
We would live happily ever after! Then...then...then he kissed me! I'd never
felt anything like it in my life! It was too good to be true!

Daria: Quinn, calculus isn't always up my alley. I should know, I'm taking it
this year.

Quinn (suddenly sits up deliberately) But...but...but...he said I was smart
and everything. I believed him! Isn't that shallow enough?

Daria; Quinn, that's just you being human. Every human being wants to be
recognized. Every person wants to be loved in some way. They want to know that
what they do is deeply appreciated by all. They...they want to matter to
someone.

Quinn: But I was stupid and full of myself enough not to realize that Todd was
deceiving me, even when you knew he was and tried to tell me! (She starts to
sob again, a little more softly this time)

Daria hesitantly stretches out her left hand, and, quite deliberatively,
places it gently on Quinn's soft, trembling shoulder.

Daria: Quinn, I really should learn to mind my own business!

Quinn (through sobs) No, Daria. I'm the dumb one! You should be ordering me
around!

Daria: No, Quinn. I shouldn't. You were right the other night. It's your life.
You have to decide for yourself.

Quinn (still sobbing a little) But...but...but...I'm all mixed up. How do I
know when to take advice and when not to? And how do I know when someone's
being straight with me?

Daria: (matter-of-factly) Actually, I hate to have to be the one to tell you
this, but as it turns out that's kind of the risk you've got to take.

Quinn: But, Daria, I'm...I'm...so...scared! (She starts sobbing again)

Daria: You know, Quinn, most people spend a good part of their lives trying to
get un-scared and un-mixed-up. Look, you can trust lots of people. Take it
from me! I've trusted Jane, forever. Yes, we've had our disagreements now and
then, but true friends can work through all that.

Quinn: But...Daria, I want to get un-scared now!

Daria: Quinn, you're young yet. You've still got some learning to do. We all
do. Life isn't always an open-and-shut case! You just kind of have to go with
it and give people a chance to be your friend, or help you, or do things to or
for you.

Quinn just looks at Daria.

Quinn: Can I trust anyone?

Daria: You...you can trust me.

Quinn: Will I ever get smart enough to...figure stuff out on my own.

Daria: Well, you did figure out about Todd. Now you know what to look for. And
then, of course, there's the Fashion Club!

Quinn: Huh?

Daria: Sandy just couldn't wait to tell me about their little membership
change! You made that decision on your own, right?

Quinn: (nods) I...I...I...I...love you...D...Daria!

Daria (accepts Quinn's now outstretched arms) I...I...I love you, too, Quinn!

A solitary tear trickles down Daria's cheek. Quinn notices.

Quinn: You know. I just noticed something. There is someone who cares about me
and is...well...in a way...my friend. (She pats Daria's head)

Daria nods slightly.

Daria: Say, Quinn. Jane and I were going for pizza later. Did...did you wanna
come?

Quinn (quizzically) But Daria. Why would you want your younger sister hanging
all over you?

Daria: It's no problem. I think we'll both appreciate you for who you are and
who you're becoming.

Quinn suddenly smiles, and her eyes light up. She walks over to her CD player,
takes out a CD and puts it in. She forward searches a couple of times, and a
song begins to play.

*** Since you've been gone, well I feel like I've been chewing on tinfoil.

Since you've been gone, it's like I've got a great big mouthful of cod liver
oil.

Well I'm feeling like I stuck my hand inside a blender and turned it on.

You know I've been in a butt load of pain, since you've been gone.

Since you've been gone, it couldn't feel any worse if you dropped a two-ton
bowling ball on my toes.

It couldn't hurt anymore if you shoved a red-hot cactus up my nose.

Since you've been gone, well it feels like I'm getting tetanus shots everyday.

Since you've been gone, it's like I've got an ice cream headache that won't go
away.

Ever since the day you left me, I've been so miserable my dear. (Quinn sings
this final line louder than the others)

I feel almost as bad as I did, when you were still here. ***

Quinn starts laughing, and Daria can't help but chuckle herself.

Daria: Now that's the Quinn I remember. Now freshen up, and later we'll give
'em hell down at the pizza parlor.

Quinn: Daria.

Daria: Yeah?

Quinn: Thanks.

Daria: Ah, what the hell. It's a living, right?

Quinn: No, Daria. I mean it! I needed that!

Daria (lower) Sure.

Scene 16: Daria is seated on the couch later that evening, watching TV. Helen
walks in.

Helen: Hi, Daria.

Daria: Hey.

Helen: What you did earlier, for Quinn I mean. That was really something
special.

Daria: Yeah, well, Todd was being an ass, and I guess she doesn't totally
deserve that!

Helen: I'm serious, Daria. You looked beyond yourself and reached out to
someone who needed you very, very badly. I'm proud to be your mom, right now,
and I'm proud to call you my daughter, Daria.

Helen walks over and embraces Daria. We see a tear form at the corner of
Daria's eye, but at that moment the credits appear and begin to roll to
"Nothing Without Love" by Jewel.

Postscript: I hope you have enjoyed my little work of art. It took some time
to write, but I hope people will have a better understanding of Quinn after
reading it. She is, after all, quite misunderstood, as this story indicates. I
hope my words have shed light on the human condition in a very real way for
you, the reader. Bryan McGucken

Disclaimer: "Daria" and all characters used in this story are the property of
MTV Networks, a division of Viacom International, Inc. "Since You've Been
Gone," is the property of Weird Al Yankovich and Capital Records. "Nothing
Without Love" is the property of Jewel Kilcher and Capital Records. This piece
is a work of fiction. Any resemblances to actual persons, living or deceased,
which appear as a result of this writing are purely coincidental.
