A KILLER IN LAWNDALE
by Maria Isais

Thing you need to know: Daria is 18. It's the summer. Daria has been
accepted to some of the to collages in the country.

Scene #1: Morgendorffer's house. It is about 2:30. Helen and Jake were
both at work (both called and said they'll be home really late). Daria
was watching SSW. Quinn was on the phone with one of her boy toys. 

Quinn: Look I can talk to who ever I want...Yeah...no...Look someone is
on the other line, I'll call you back...Ugh, fine be that way!...Okay I
forgive you...ok...bye (clicks to the other line) Hello...Ugh, I hanged
up cause of you...Yeah hold on. (Gives the phone to Daria) It's for you,
that Trent guy.
Daria: (Gets the phone) Hey,
Trent: Hey Daria, I called about tonight...
Daria: Oh yeah, the movie starts at 7:45, so you'll have to pick me up
at...
Trent: Daria wait, I only called to tell you...
Daria: OH, TRENT!
Trent: What?!
Daria: Your going to cancel on me again, aren't you.
Trent: Well, yeah. I'll make up for it next week.
Daria: That's what you said last week, and the weeks before that.
Trent: I need to practice if I want to hit it big, that will make me
happy. Don't you want me to be happy?
Daria: Of course I do, but I want to spend time with you too.
Trent: We will, I promise.
Daria: (she muttered)  Don't make promises you can't keep.
Trent: Oh, I got to go the guys are here.
Daria: Trent wait!
Trent: What?
Daria: I was thinking, maybe we should break up. 
Trent: WHAT?!
Daria: Listen...
Trent: I'm listening.
Daria: Well, your really focused on your music, I'm not saying it's bad,
but till you get settled down we shouldn't be dating.
Trent: Yeah maybe your right...Lets not talk about it now, talk to ya
later.
(They hang up. Daria was hoping would say no way. She didn't think he
would agree. It was just suppose to get on track.)
Daria: (To her self) Thanks for the great advise, Jane
(Quinn comes downstairs)
Quinn: Okay, I'm out of here. Going to a fashion club meeting. I'll be
home late, tell mom. Later.
(Quinn heads for the door. Daria stops her)
Daria: Quinn...
Quinn: What?
Daria: Be careful, there is some killer on the loose, and he was last
seen not too far from this area.
Quinn: Why do you care what happens to me?
Daria: (trying to pretend she doesn't care) Mom would find some way to
blame me.
Quinn: Yeah, whatever.
(Quinn leave.)
Daria: (To her self) also cause your my sister.
(Daria watched tv for an other half n' hour, then decided to call Jane)
Jane: Yo
Daria: Hey
Jane: Oh, hey Daria. So what movie you and Trent watching?
Daria: It's a box office seller called "Staying home again"
Jane: Canceled again?
Daria: Yep
Jane: Practice?
Daria: Yep
Jane: The "Will spend time together next week" line?
Daria: Yep
Jane: Did you take my advise?
Daria: What advise?
Jane: You know scaring him, by saying you should break up?
Daria: Oh that, Yep.
Jane: What did he say?
Daria: He agreed.
Jane: He What?!
Daria: Yep.
Jane: Maybe he was joking?
Daria: I wish.
Jane: Well I guess we won't find out till tomorrow.
Daria: Guess so.
Jane: Why don't come over and spend the night. We'll rent some movies,
talk about your problems with Trent, my problem with not able to choose
between Jesse and Tom.
Daria: Cool, I'll be over by 7:30, cool?
Jane: Yeah, later.
Daria: Bye.
(Daria and Jane hanged up. A few minutes later Daria went to uses the
new
family computer in her room. A little while later someone knocks on the
front door. She goes downstairs and open it to a man standing there.)
Daria: Yes?
Man: Hello, my name is...
Daria: Oh your my moms newest client, Mr.Huston, right?
Man: Uhh...yeah.
Daria: Okay, come on in. There are some papers you have to sign.
(Man walks in)

Scene #2: Lane's house. It's almost 9:00. Jane is in the Kitchen, on the
phone. She hears someone come in the front door.)

Jane: Daria is that you...oh it's you Trent.
Trent: Nice to see you too.
Jane: Sorry, I just though you were Daria.
Trent: Daria is coming over?
Jane: Yeah, but...
Trent: Cool, cause I have to talk to her. I don't want to loose her. 
Jane: That's great Trent, but there's a problem.
Trent: What?
Jane: She was suppose to be here at 7:30.
(Trent looked at his watch)
Trent: But it's almost 9:00.
Jane: (Worried) I know.
Trent: Call her.
Jane: I have, but I just keep getting the busy signal. I think her phone
is off the hook. 
Trent: Call her cell.
Jane: I did, it just keeps ringing.
Trent: (Worried) Maybe we should go over to her house.
Jane: Yeah.
(They arrive at Daria's. They see an ambulance leave. There are cops
everywhere.)
Jane: Officer!
( an officer walks up to them) 
Cop: Yes?
Jane: Who did they take in the ambulance?
Cop: Her last name was Morgendorffer.
Trent: And her first?
Cop: Oh Yeah, It's...
Jane: Please say Quinn
Cop: ...Daria.
(Trent stomps the gas and goes to the hospital.)

Scene #3: Trent and Jane arrive at the hospital. They find Quinn. She
looks pale, and is hugging her knee. Trent and Jane walks up to her.)

Jane: Quinn!
(Quinn looks up)
Jane: Where is Daria? How is she? Is she okay?
Quinn: I don't know, they haven't told me anything. 
Trent: What happened to her?
Quinn: I got home and found her on the kitchen floor, bleeding, a lot. 
Jane: Why was she bleeding?
Quinn: They think she got stabbed, more then once. Whoever did this
wanted her dead.
Trent: I hope he rots.
(Just then Helen and Jake)
Helen: Where is she?
Jake: How is she?
Quinn: They haven't told us anything yet.
(They waited around till the cop with Dr.Pillips.)
Helen: Dr.Pillips!
Dr.P: Hello Mrs.Morgendorffer (looks at Jake) Mr.Morgendorffer. I'd like
you to meet Officer Jackson. He was investigating what happened to your
daughter. 
Jake: Who did this to her?
Officer: There is killer on the loose. He kills young girls. He has
killed 128 in the United States. They call him "The V". You daughter is
number 129.
Helen: How do you it was him?
Officer: For three reasons...
Jane: Which are?
Officer: One: Every girl he kills he marks a "V" on her right arm. Two:
He always twice, once in the stomach and once right in the middle of her
chest. And third: the poison factor.
Trent: What's the poison factor?
Officer: He gives the girl poison, so if the stab doesn't kill her the
poison will.
Jane: Can i ask you something officer?
Office: Shoot.
Jane: Every 128 girls he has done this to all died?
Officer: Yes.
Jane: If Daria lives she won't be #129, correct?
Officer: Yes.
Jane: Then why did you say she was #129?
(Officer Jackson looks at Dr. Pillips)
Dr.P: I have to be honest. The reason Officer Jackson says she's number
129, is cause she will be. The chances of her living are almost zero.
She was bleeding for a long while. Hurt very badly, and not to mention
the poison, which now has gone though her hole body. 
Trent: Can we see her?
Dr.P: yes two at the time.
Helen: Jake and I will go first.
(Helen and Jake go in) 
Jake: Look at our poor baby. 
Helen: Remember when she was a kid?
Jake: Yeah.
(Helen and Jake stay there for about 20 minutes and then leave so
someone else can see her. Jane as Quinn come in)
Quinn: Oh my god, she's really dying.
Jane: Yeah. You know the last thing to her was?
Quinn: What?
Jane: "Yeah, later" I can't believe that was the last thing I said to
her
Quinn: What I said was worse.
Jane: What was it?
Quinn: "Yeah, whatever" then I walked out. I could of at least said bye,
but no I was mean. Last last word I said to her were worse then your,
and everybody else.
Jane: (thinks, then out loud) Trents was worse.
Quinn: I find that to believe. What did he say?
Jane: He agreed with Daria about breaking up.
Quinn: Okay he wins.
(They stay there a bit longer, then they leave. Trent comes in.)
Trent: Daria I don't think you can hear me, but I have to say this. I
love you. Jane told me that you didn't really mean it when you said you
wanted to break up with me, neither did I. The only reason I agreed with
you cause I thought that was what you wanted. I told Jesse what you told
me. He told me that if I really love you I should try my hardest to keep
you. That's what I was going to tell you when I saw you again. (Trent
stroked her hair and looked at her, he started to cry) Daria you have to
wake up. You can't get rid of me that easily, by dying. Daria you can't
die! I won't let you! Your in me future. I can see myself marring you,
having kids with you, dying with you, as OLD people. I can't see myself
doing that with anyone else. Your my soul mate, I can't believe I just
said that. See what you do to me. You think I can tell that to anyone
else. You have to wake up. I love you. (Trent leans over to kiss her
lips. When he did, then monitor started beeping. She was dying. Two
doctors and a few nurses came running in. They pushed Trent out. When
got outside Helen, Jake, Jane, Jesse(who just arrived) and Quinn were
waiting there to see what happened. The waited for the doctor to come
out. He came out with a very serious face)
Helen: How's my daughter?
Dr.: We did everything we could.
Quinn: What's that suppose to mean?!
(Everyone looked at him, he looked down, then looked back up)
Dr.: We lost her.
Quinn: Lost her? You mean dead, passed away, gone.
Dr.: afraid so.
Helen: NOOOO!!!
Jake: Dear God!
Quinn: Why her, god?!
Jane: (being held by Jesse) It's not fair!
Jesse: God, take care of her. 
(Trent stayed quiet, then snapped) 
Trent: NO! She's not dead! Go cheek again! She can't be dead! NO!
(Trent falls to the ground)
(Scene fads)

Scene #4: Trent wakes up breathing heavily. 

Trent: Daria! 
(He got up and out of bed. He went to Jane & Jesse's room{they're
married}. He busted into the room, waking up Jane. Jesse stayed asleep)
Trent: Janey, I had a horrible dream about Daria. She was killed. I have
to go see her.
Jane: Huh?
Trent: Her parents aren't there, right?
Jane: Yeah, but...
Trent: And neither is Quinn, right?
Jane: Yeah, but Trent...
(Trent runs out before Jane could finish. She ran after him. He ran to
the door and opened it, but was stopped by Jane)
Jane: Trent, STOP!
(Trent turned around)
Trent: Hurry up Janey, I have to get to Daria.
Jane: You didn't let me finish what I was saying.
Trent: What?
Jane: The reason Daria's parents and Quinn aren't there is cause the
moved back to New York nine years ago. Remember? Daria WAS killed ten
years ago. The Morgendorffer's lived there for a year then couldn't the
memories of Daria moved to somewhere that won't remind them of Daria.
(Smirks a bit) It was really nice of them to make there house to a small
library. (Looks back at Trent) You know this already. Once a month that
day always repeats it's self in your sleep, and you always think it was
just a dream, but it's not, it really happened. 
Trent: Sorry I woke you up again.
Jane: It's okay you get worse on August 4.
Trent: You mean the day she died?
Jane: Yeah. You always go to her house and start pounding the door,
right before you snapped into reality.
Trent: I miss her so much.
Jane: I miss her too, but it's been ten years. She not coming back. Let
her go.
Trent: I don't know how.
Jane: You can started by going to her grave. You never went a foot near
it, you didn't even go to the funeral.
Trent: I didn't want to accept that she dead. 
Jane: Then that's the perfect place to go. That way when you see her
grave you accept that she's not coming back. Maybe the dreams will stop
and you can leave in peace.
Trent: Your right Janey.
(With that Trent left, and Jane went upstairs)

Scene #5: Trent arrived at Daria'a grave.

Trent: I accept your gone, but I will always love, only you.
Bye...Forever. (Trent held up a rose that was in his hand and kissed it,
then throw it on her grave. He turned and walked away.) I love always.

Trent never did have the nightmares again. All he had beautiful dreams
of her. He went to her grave often with Jane. He always did love Daria.
