A Love/Hate Relationship

by Jill Palmer

jill@mail.one.net


Summary:  Quinn is on fashion sabbatical.  Again.  Via her diary, she
takes an in-depth look at her "friendship" with Sandi.


March 15, 1999

Dear Diary,

	Bad day.  Sandi put me on fashion sabbatical because my *scrunchie*
didn't match my *jeans*!  What kind of a reason is that?  On the
downside, Stacy and Tiffany won't be talking to me for two weeks.  But
on the upside, I have that time to figure out if Sandi is *really* my
friend.


March 16, 1999

Dear Diary,

	Today I took my old diaries to school.  The ones from when I first
moved here, anyway.  I have such a busy life I can hardly believe I've
filled up THREE since we moved here!  I looked for any comments Sandi
made at Fashion Club meetings that stuck in my head.  I'm going to try
and decide if they mean anything different than what she said.


March 17, 1999

Dear Diary,

	So far my search has only turned up two statements.  Here's what I've
got:

"If you're so smart, Quinn, maybe *you* should be president of the
Fashion Club."

"Are you saying we're *shallow*, Quinn?"

	The first one's come up practically three billion times.  The second
one is from when Brooke got all that plastic surgery done.  I wonder
what she meant...


March 18, 1999

Dear Diary,

	No recent developments.  All I have to say is Joey asked me out for
tomorrow.  I accepted.  We're going to Chez Pierre.


March 19, 1999

Dear Diary,

	The date sucked.  I don't think Joey was trying as hard as he usually
does.  He didn't even try to slander the other two.  What the heck is
going on here?


March 20, 1999

Dear Diary,

	Still nothing else in my search for answers.  If I could figure out
what reason a scrunchie un-coordinating with jeans is a good one for
sabbatical...

	That's IT!!!  Something I can add to my list.  I hope I don't get so
desperate as to ask Daria.


March 21, 1999

Dear Diary,

	I still can't find anything!  This is driving me crazy.  Oh yeah,
Jeffy's taking me to Chez Pierre tomorrow.


March 22, 1999

Dear Diary,

	Sandi told me (as a reminder) I have one week left on my sabbatical. 
She also came up with this *bull* that if I don't co-ordinate that day,
I'm *out*!  Where'd that come from?

	The date with Jeffy was a repaet of my date with Joey.  This is
getting *very* lame *very* fast...


March 23, 1999

Dear Diary,

	I think I finally know what both of the statements mean.  Most likely,
they mean "Quinn is threatening my popularity, so she should go away
now."  I figure the co-ordinating bull is along those lines too.

	Talk about your love/hate relationships - we love to hate each other.

	Jamiel or whatever - date - Chez Pierre - tomorrow.


March 24, 1999

Dear Diary,

	 I still can't think of anything else.  I guess the next step is to
decide whether popularity is really that important to me.  I mean, if I
don't get along with popular people, why even mess with the popular
crowd anymore?

	*Another* repeat date.  That's another thing - I QUIT!


March 28, 1999

Dear Diary,

	Well, tomorrow I'm either back in or giving it up.  I got so desperate
as to ask *Daria* for advice.  She said, "If you don't think you're
friends with someone, you probably never were.  They are, in theory,
your friends, so it's up to you to decide what you want."

	I just don't know if I'm interested in this anymore...


March 29, 1999

Dear Diary,

	I finally QUIT!!!  Sandi acted surprised.  And happy, I bet.  I
decided I really needed a break from the ratrace that is being
attractive and popular.  Besides, I think Daria was right.  Sandi never
*was* my friend.

									Quinn
