A Story To Tell

Anyone that don't like the following story is a Judas and a sinner.
So NO FLAMES!!

Remember--Daria is a trademark of MTV, whatever you like it
or not, eh?

Somewhere in the vast stained glass halls of a convent, a lone
nun was in contemplation. But that nun was no ordinary nun.
Far from it. For that particular nun was--of all people, the diva
minded former head of the long defunct Fashion Club, Sandi
Griffin; right now, she stopped, as if she had just met
someone unseen, and started to tell the following tale:

"Daria Morgendorffer and Tom Sloane finally did marry, upon
graduating from collage; the last time we heard from them,
they now had four baby girls. They've formed their new
online fanfiction site while opening up on the side, a now
popular Italian restraunt in the center of Lawndale.

Jodie and Mack also married upon graduating from collage,
and now they're the owners and founders of The Jodie
Mack Neon Co. , THE #1 neon company in Lawndale.

Upchuck, of all people, went on to be one of the most
successful magicians of all time, and is now entertaining
in Vegas, often with Stacy as his helper.....sigh.

Tiffany, my confidante, now runs several Chinese laundries,
while Quinn is now the most sought after studio session
synthesist, playing for many major recording artists, as
well as up and coming hitmakers.

While we're on the subject, Trent Lane, married Monique,
who is now playing the keys as the fifth member of Mystik
Sprial; since then, they've had 12 platnum albums. And to think
they debated once on changing their name.

Trent's sister Jane, now runs an art store and studio with her
mother, Amanda and Lawndale High art teacher Claire Defoe;
it's called Amanda, Claire & Jane's Art Lane.

No one's sure what's become of The 3 J's, however, it's
believed they were recruited for the most highly successful
basketball team....

Sadly, Kevin Thomson died just like Tommy Sherman; his folks
killed themselves after that. Worse still, when she heard the news,
Brittany Taylor broke down and went so insane and violent, that
she ws placed in  a poser, and taken to the maximum insane ward
at The Greenwood Asylum--all the while muttering the words,
'Kevvy....Kevvy....Kevvy....Kevvy....!!' More's the pity.

Janet Barch, the Lawndale High science teacher, was arrested on
charges of student abuse after several of the male students reported
to the police. Since then, she's been serving 40 years in The Lawndale
Women's Jail. Meanwhile, it's said that her lover and fellow teacher,
Tim O'Neill, who now runs a talk show, is said to be dating Claire
Defoe, to Barch's chagrin.

Me? After The Fashion Club broke up, I wound up in a near death accident
when I was at the beach, and nerly drowned from an unseen undertow
in the water; that was when I saw the light. When I pulled through, to the
chagrin of my mom, whose company went bankrupt, I chose to atone for
all, I mean ALL of my sins, and be a nun, joining a convent, so here I am.
In fact, my pop--ugh--divorced from my mom, leaving her with my
brothers.......to think they gave me  a lot of grief then.....but now I forgive
them. For that matter, I've come to know that such material stuff like
makeup and clothing is all needless and useless....a lot of people may scoff
at it........but it never pays to be popular and shallow. I've finally found
my real self.......and so did everyone else....Jesus be praised!!"


OWARI (THE END)
