A Very Fine Lane
By Angel ODing
(Pale_September_Angel@yahoo.com)
Summery: Daria and Trent get together. Simple. Naw, not on your
life.  Hehehe.
DISCLAIMER: I don’t own them. MTV owns them.
*****
The opening sequnce rolls.
*Daria in A Very Fine Lane*
*****
SCENE:Daria's in her room, notebooks *all black* are scattered
all over her bed. She is writing in one.

Helen:(VO from downstairs)"Daria! Phone!"

Daria:"You sure it's not for Quinn?"

Quinn:(VO)"Yeah, you sure its not for me?"

Helen:(VO)"Yes I am sure. Daria, get down here!"

Daria gets off her bed and walks downstairs to the phone.

*****
CUT TO Daria on the phone.

Daria:"Your SURE you dont want Quinn?"

Trent:(VO)"No Daria."

Daria:(Turns bright red)"Keep talking"

Trent:(VO)"Mystik Sprial has a gig tonight. I want you to come. I
can pick you up."

Jane:(VO from other line)"FINALLY! I won't go. You two need to
explore."

Daria:(angry)"Jane"

Trent:(At same time as Daria)"Janey"

Jane:(VO)"I'm already gone" *CLICK*

Daria:(Walking upstairs)"Yeah, sure. Please tell me Janes not going
to be there."

Trent:(VO)"She won't. I Found her."

Jane:(VO)"Damn."

Daria:"Tell her she's already dead."

Trent:(VO)"Gotcha. Pick you up at seven."

Jane:(VO"Bring,"(Doesn't finish the sentence because she is cut off
by Trent hanging up the phone.)

Daria walks into her room and closes her door, grinning.
ZOOM OUT from door.
****
SCENE: Front door from the inside.

*Doorbell rings*

Quinn:"I got it!" (Opens the door)

Trent:"Uh, Daria home?"

Quinn stares for a second at Trent then

Quinn:(yelling)"Daria! Get down here!"

CUTTO Daria walking down the stairs, grinning again.

Daria:"Quinn, you site got another hit."

Quinn:"Goodie!"

Quinn pushes past Daria and runs upstairs to her room.

Quinn:(VO)"Daria! The screen went black. What's that mean?"

Daria:(deadpan)"It crashed."

Quinn:(VO)"It What?!?"

Daria:"It's been possessed."

Quinn:(VO)"WHAT?!?"

Daria grins at her achivement.

Trent:"Let's go"

Daria:"If only there wasn't so much hair spray to get through."

Trent laughs.(sorta)

Trent turns and walks to his car. Several dogs are around it.

Trent:"Damn dogbiscuts"

Daria:"Why do you have dogbiscuts?"

Trent:"We give them to bands we dont like. I'm beginning to think
we should give them something else"

Daria laughs quietly.
*****
SCENE:Daria and Trent are in the car. Music:'Creep' by Radiohead

Trent:(sincerly)"Daria"

Daria:(mimmickingly)"Trent"

Trent:"Daria I wrote a song for you."

Daria:(surprised)"Really?"

Trent:"Yeah we are going to debut it tonight"

Daria:"I don't know what to say. I'm speechless for once."

Trent pulls into the club parking lot.

Trent:"Thats a first Look, we can talk about it after."

Daria:"Okay. But if it contains the words pink or fluffy,
I'm gone."

Trent:(Does his laugh-cough thing)

CUT TO Mistik Spiral playing.
ZOOM OUT to Daria sitting alone at a table watching 
attentively.

Trent:"This next song is new. Inspired by my Daria Morgandorffer."

Daria's face flushes red.

CUTTO Tent starting to play a very raw and edgy.

Trent:(singing)"I know a girl, her name is Daria,
                She's a lethal dose of reality,
	              She's my angel ODing,
                My sister introduced me to her,
	              I liked her additude from moment 1,
                I dunno what it is,
                It's like fire to a dry stick,
                Ink in a pen,
                She's my angel ODing"

ZOOM IN TO Daria.

Daria:"Oh god"

ZOOM OUT TO Trent walking off stage.

Trent:"What did you think?"

Daria:"Perfect."

Trent:(setting his guitar case down)"I meant every word."

Daria:(shocked)"Could you uh explain it? Explain why you
wrote it and brought me out here."

Trent:"Well, I think you are the neatest girl I have met. You
know how to get to me. And I want us to be more than friends."

Trent leans over and kisses Daria on the cheek.

Daria:(startled yet pleased)"Great."

Daria happens to glance at the clock.

Daria;"Dammit! I have to get home."

Trent:(grabbing his things)"Let's go then."
****
CUTTO Daria sneeking in the front door, quietly. Helen startles
her by turning on a light.

Daria:(half sarcastic, half serious)"Ah! Your blinding me!"

Helen:"Do you have any idea what time it is?"

Daria:(guessing)"Time for bed?" (yawns for effect)

Helen:"Daria, where were you?"

Daria:"How's this? I was studying."

Helen:"I expect this from Quinn but not from you, Daria."

Daria:"Would it help if I was Quinn?"

Helen:"Yes. But thats not the point. Dammit, I...I...go to
bed Daria."

Daria:"Your the boss."

CUT TO next day at Lawndale High.

Daria slams her locker shut. Kevin and Brittney are nearby
making out.

Jane:"So what did you and Trent do last night? Or would 
you prefer, what did TRENT do last night?"

Daria:(cought in an odd place)"Trent ah Trent..."

Jane:"He wrote a song for you and asked you out, correct?"

Daria:(defeated)"How do you know? Trent?"

Jane:"I have sources"

Daria:"Jesse told you."

Jane:"ALL my sources are kept confidential. You two didn't....
did you? Trent came home looking awfully pleased."

Daria:"Shut up, Jane."

Jane:"When Kevin grows a brain."

Kevin:(VO)"What?"

Brittney:(VO)" Kevy babe, don’t listen to them. Lets kiss."

Kevin:(VO)"Sure!"

Jane:"I rest my case."
****
CUTTO Daria and Jane sitting at their regular table in the
cafeteria.

Daria:"Alien or not?" (pokes her food with a plastic fork)

Jane:(opens her soda)"No bets just yet."

Daria:"Damn."(shoves some of the so-called food into her mouth)

Jane:"Watch out, here comes his Upchuckieness."

Daria:"Great."

Upchuck:(sits down at the table)"Hey kittens. Doing
anything tonight?(growls...er...atempts to growl)

Daria:"Yes. Unfortunitly for you it doesn't involve your
or any type of cat. Guess your out of luck."

Jane:"Correction Miss Morgandorffer, he never HAD any."

Upchuck:(defeated)"You'll be back." (walks away to Brittney's
table)

Upchuck:(Vo)"Hey babe"

Brittney:(Vo)"Kevy! He's doing that THING again."

"Kevin:(Vo)"Are you hitting on my girl Upchuck?"

Jane:"ANYway, when are you and Trent going out again?"

Daria:(gives Jane an evil stare and growls harshly)

Jane:"Careful there Ling."(drinks more soda)

Daria:(annoyed)"Tonight."

Jane:"Great! Jesse and I can join you two lovebirds."

Daria:"First of all, we are NOT birds. Second of all, this is
a DATE not porn, Jane."

Daria and Jane get up and walk to the trash.

Jane:"Aw, comm'on tiger, it'll be fun. And I promise, NO
PORN."

Daria:"Your telling Trent."
****
CUTTO Daria's old T.V on a stand.

TV:"Next on Sick Sad World. The latest government 
conspiracy, Spork, spoon or fork? Next on Sick Sad World"

TURN TO Daria sitting on her bed with three outfits.

Daria:(deadpan)"What a choice!"

(A loud BANG comes to Daria's door.)

Jane:(Vo from outside door)"Daria! Let me in!"

Daria:"Ever heard of a common word called please?"

Jane:(Vo)"I don't believe in it. Not enough information.
And I AM comming in so you better be decent. Wait.
Let me say that again, you better not be naked."

Jane opens the door and walks in.

Daria:"What do you think?"(points to the outfits laid out
on the bed)

Jane:"Hmmmm. That one"( points to a red dress with a 
choker strap)

Daria:"Let me try it on."(picks up the very reveling red dress
and carries it to the bathroom)

Jane:(following her to the hall)"I bet Trent will like it."

Trent:(from begginning of the hall)"Jane!"

Jane:"Opps. Didn't hear you there bro."

Trent walks up beside Jane.

Daria:(Vo)"Whos that?"

Trent:"Uh hey Daria."

Daria:(Vo and shocked)"Hey Trent."

Jane:"Don't worry. She'll be out as soon as she puts
her face on."(gestures to the door)

Daria:(growls)"Jane."

Trent:(does his laugh cough thing)

Daria:(Vo)"I am comming out and NO laughing."

Jane:"Gotcha."

Daria opens the door reveling her new ataire.

Trent and Jane:"Whoa."

Daria:"Its THAT bad?"

Trent:"No no. I love it. Jane, what are you wearing?"

Jane:(holds up one of Daria's black dresses)"This beauty
right here."

Trent:"Cool."

Jane walks into the bathroom.(duh)

Trent:"Uh you look great Daria."

Daria:"Thanks Trent."

Trent leans over and kisses her, cathing her off gaurd.
She stumbles backward into Quinn and the aproaching
Fasion Club.

Quinn:"DARIA! What are you doing?"

Stacey:"And wearing? Are you going on a date with HIM?"

Quinn pushes Daria back to Trent and he holds her there.

Daria:(whispering)"Keep me as far away from them as you can."

Trent:"Okay."

The Fasion Club pushes past them with nods and gestures of
disgust.

Jane:(emerging from the bathroom,all dressed) "What did I miss?"

Daria:(still being held by Trent)"Don't worry you'll hear about it
at school tomorrow."

Jane:"You two might wanna let go if one of you is going to get
us to wherever we're going."

Trent:(nervously lets go of Daria)"We should get going. Jesse's
on the car alone."

Jane:"Really?!?"(runs down the stairs to the car)

Helen:(Vo and yelling at Jane)"Don't slam the door!"

(Door slams)

Helen:(Vo)"Augh!"

Trent runs his hands through Daria's hair,startling her.
Then she calms down, closing her eyes.

Trent:"We better get down there before we have little Janes
on our hands."

Daria and Trent walk downstairs.

CUTTO Helen and Jake sitting on the couch with Helen taping
Daria and Trent walking down the stairs.

Helen:"Look at the camera sweetie."

Daria:(startled)"Camera?"(looks to Helen and Jake)"Oh camera."

Trent smiles a mona lisa smile at Helen and the camera.

Jake:"Now your turn! Look at the camera kiddo!"

Trent:(whispering to Daria)"Smile for the camera."

Daria does her mona lisa smile.

Daria:(whispering)"NOW lets go."

Daria and Trent turn and walk out the door together.

Helen:"Finally he wears pants."

Helen turns the camera and focuses on Jake.

CAMERA VIEW of Jake picking up the remote and turning on
the TV.

Helen:(Vo)"Look at the camera JAKE!"

Jake continues to stare at the TV.

Helen:(Vo)"Look at the damn camera!"

Jake turns and briefly smiles for the camera then retreats to
his TV watching.

Helen drops the camera on the couch.

Helen:(angryly)"Jake!"

CUTTO Daria and Trent in the front seat of his car.
Music:'Dragula' Rob Zombie. Trent taps his hands to the
beat of the song on the steering wheel at a red light.

Daria:(timidly)"Trent?"

Trent:(singing along)"Dig throught the ditches and burn 
through the witches, um Daria?"

Daria:(lost her thought)"Trent, uh, great."

Trent:(still caught up in the song)"what?"

Daria:"Green light."

Trent:(slamming on the gas)"Oh yeah."

CUTTO inside of Chez Perre(?). Daria,Jane,Trent,
and Jesse are sitting at a small table in a corner.
Music:'To Love You More' Celine Dion.

Jane:"Goodness Daria. You must be skinny to fit in this."

Daria:(stabbing some food)"Suck in."

Jane:"Guys your not saying much."

Trent:"Jesse, I dont know about these lyrics. I think
Garbage already did this."

Jesse:"Really? They did Only Happy When It Rains?"

Jane:"What  was the last CD you bought?"(gesture with 
fork.)

Jesse:"Uh,(pauses) "Great."

Daria snickers, as does Trent.

Daria:"Are you going to eat, Trent?" 

Trent:"Maybe."

Daria snatches some food off Trents plate.

Daria:"Mmmmmm, good."

Trent:"Uh, that was mine."

Daria:"I know."

Trent takes Daria's soda.

Trent:"Mmmmmm, Pepsi."

Daria:(reaches over)"Give me my soda."

Jane:"Watch out."(moves her soda out of Daria's way)

Waiter:"Would you like a check?"(obviously NOT French)

All fooling around stops.

Jane:"Sure."

CUTTO 'SIX MONTHS LATER'
Fade to Daria and Trent sitting on Trents bed. Daria is leafing
through some of his lyrics.

Daria:"I like this one."(hands the lyric paper to Trent)

Trent:"This one?"

Daria:"Yeah, raw and edgy. I like that."

Trent:"Of course. Do you write?"

Daria:"Yeah. But not like this."(waves a sheet of paper in the air.)

Trent:"Can I read them?" (leans over into Daria's face)

Daria:"I uh I don't know, Trent. They're not that good and you don't
want to read them."

Trent:"Come on. I do want to read them. Please??"

Daria:(defeated)"Oh alright. Only because you've broken down all
barriers."

Trent:"And Janey hasn't done that?"

Daria:"Not all of them."(lays back on Trents bed)

Trent:"You don't open up often do you?"

Daria:"Nope."

Trent:"Are your parents home?"

Daria:"Nope. Whoa, wait. Why?"

Trent:"Beacause I wanna read the lyrics. Can we go get them?"

Daria:"I guess so. But we have to be back before Jane."

Trent:"Okay."

Trent leaves the room as Daria gets off his bed. Daria pauses for
a moment then follows.

CUTTO Daria's bedroom. Daria is bent over looking under her bed
for a notebook. Trent is pacing around the room, looking at various
objects.

Daria:(emerges from under her bed with a notebook)"Ha ha, the little
green men didn't get hold of this."(hands it to Trent)

Trent:"I have blue men. Like Smurfs, I guess."(He opens the notebook
and flips through several pages stopping every so often to read) "This
is good stuff,Daria."

Daria:"How is it that I do not believe you?"

Trent:"Your a writer. All writers are like that."

Daria:"What about you? You write."

Trent:"I'm a musician. Theres a difference."

Daria:(looking out her window through the bars)"Great. Jane's here and 
she has my key."(sliently curses herself for giving Jane a key)

Trent:"Oh here let me put this back."(walks  to Daria's bed and puts
the notebook back. Daria sits on her bed admiring him.)

Jane:(Vo from downstairs) "Daria,I know your here so its no use
hiding." (She begins to walk up the stairs)

Trent:"Whats this?"(holds up a tattered red and black notebook with
the words 'Private. Don't even think about it') "A journal?"

Daria:"Nothing. Really."(attemps to snatch the notebook away, Trent
pulls it closer to him)

Trent:"Why won't you let me read it? If it's really nothing?"(pulls it
farther away from Daria)

Daria:"It's mine. Give it back!"(Reaches for the notebook again, Trent
pulls it away *again* and this time Daria falls off the bed and lands
on Trent just as Jane enters)

Jane:(shocked)"Whoa."

Daria:"Jane. This isn't..."

Jane:"Well, dammit, Daria. Get off him!"

Trent:"What?"

Daria quickly moves off Trent, trips on his foot causing him to drop
the notebook. Jane snatches it before Daria.

Jane:"Whats this?"(opens to the last written page and starts reading.)

Daria:"Great."

Trent moves to Jane, curious.

Jane:(reading aloud)"*Schools finally set us free, if such a thing
exists. More time to spend with Jane and Trent. I went into a chat
room today. This slow computer barely kept up. I got all these
messages from this guys asking for cybersex. Augh. Speaking of that, I
was given the 'sex talk' today. For the 50th time. They actully think
that I,Daria Morgandorffer, has had sex already. What truths lie
within these bindings."

Jane closes the notebook and hands it to a very angry Daria.

Trent:"Daria."

Daria:"Please. I don't want to talk right now."

Jane:"Daria."

Daria:"I said I don't want to talk."

Trent:"Daria, sooner or later your going to have to talk. And since
your staying with us next week, it shouldn't be THAT hard."(Trent
storms out of her room)

Jane:"Why didn't you tell us?"

Daria:"Well, what did you want me to say?"

Jane:(caring mode)"Trents a virgin. Your his first REAL girlfriend. He
never cared much for the other girls in Lawndale. But you, you seemed
different. And you are, thats why he took to you."

Daria:"Oh god."

FADE TO Trent lying on his bed staring into space. Music:'How's It
Going To Be' Third Eye Blind. A knock comes to his door.

Trent:(yelling)"Leave!"

Jane:(opening the door)"Trent."

Trent:(turns to Jane)"I said leave. Are you deaf?"

Jane:"Partially. Why didn't you tell her?"

Trent:(standing up)"What did you expect me to say?"

Jane:"I do not know! Thats your job. You know where she is right now?"

Trent:"No."

Jane:"Let me qoute her for you. 'Tell Trent that I am going for a
walk. And that if I am not back in 24 hours avenge my death.' And then
when I asked her where she was really going she said 'insane'.  So
either she's going to kill herself OR you go and find her before she
does."

Trent:"Why don't you go?"

Jane:"Because I don't love her like you do."

With that Trent leaves the room, pushing past Jane.

CUTTO Daria walking down the street, crying. Music:'That I would Be
Good' Alanis Morissette. She is stopped by Andrea.

Andrea:"Daria. Are you okay?"

Daria:"What?"

Andrea:"Whats wrong? I figured since school was out that you would be
happy."

Daria:(wiping her eyes with her sleeve)"It's not that. I don't want to
talk about it."

Andrea:"Well, sooner or later you're going to have to talk."  She walks
on.

Trent:(Vo from behind)"Daria."

Daria turns to Trent.

Trent:"Daria."

Daria:"Don't. Don't say anything."(puts her hand to her head as if she
has a headache.)

Trent:"Let me explain. Please."

Daria:"No more talk." (she buries her head into his chest)

Trent:"I wish that we could forget all this."

Daria:"Not all. Lets just put off sex, please. Or at least talking
about it."

Trent:"I can live with that."

FADE OUT TO END CREDITS.
MUSIC:' #1 CRUSH' BY GARBAGE.
******
COMING UP IN THE NEXT STORY:
Daria, Jane, Trent, and Jesse decide to go camping the week before
school starts. But a car accident changes their plans and lands Daria
in the hospital.
