This story takes place just after "Is it Fall Yet".

Jeff Cuscutis
cuscutis@ispchannel.com
--------------------------------------------------

Daria and Tom stopped kissing.

She shifted over towards Tom and leaned into him. He placed his arm around her
and she stiffened momentarily before relaxing. She leaned her head on his
shoulder and closed her eyes. She took in her enviornment; the sound of their
breathing, Tom's clean and slightly musky smell, the slightly musty smell of
the car. She felt Tom turn his head and kiss the top of her head.

They sat like that for some time in comfortable silence watching the moon
rise.

"Daria." No answer. Tom turned his head and saw Daria was sleeping. Her
glasses were slightly off center and there was a peaceful look on her face.
"Never mind."

A few minutes later Daria gave a start and woke up. "Good morning." Tom
smiled. "Have a nice nap? Not quite the hospitality of home but the upholstery
is padded."

Daria smiled. "But where are the bars on the windows?"

"Sorry, no bars. And besides, neither of us are twenty one yet."

More silence. Daria stretched. She sighed, "I think I'm gonna get going. I
have some homework to do. Thanks for sharing the moment with me." Tom turned
and saw her eyes were glistening. He hugged her. "Good night Daria, and I was
glad to."

They kissed once more and then Daria got out of the car.

"I'll give you a call. Maybe we could do something later? Pizza, tv,
tormenting Quinn..." Daria asked.

"Sure. Good night Daria." Tom's car drove off.

Daria turned and started up the walk to her door and smiled. With each step
her smile got larger and larger, turning into a grin as she got to the door.

"Well, I can't go in there like this" she thought "I'd never live it down."

With much effort she managed to force the grin into a small smile and opened
the door quietly. With any luck she'd make it to her room without being seen.
She closed the door and walked quickly towards the stairs. She was halfway up
the stairs before she saw her parents cuddling on the couch. Ewwww. Well, they
were distracted. This would be easier than she thought. She tiptoed past
Quinn's room. She heard Quinn talking. Must be on the phone again. Darn, she
had wanted to call Jane and find out about the girl who had tried to get
"fresh" with her. Although, she doubted she was in any state to deal
intelligently with anyone right now.

she made it to her room and closed the door. The grin leaped back onto her
face. She sat on her bed and pulled out her homework and tossed it aside. "I
can't concentrate on this right now." she thought. She opened her journal.



From the journal of Daria Morgendorfer

The walls aren't down, but the drawbridge is lowered..
