"Ann"
by Danny Bronstein

based on the song "Stan" by Eminem

Dear Daria,

I want to tell you what a wonderful show you have.  Everyone at school
hates me, but thanks to you, I finally know there's someone out there
who I can relate to.  I respect you because you see everyone for who
they are, and you tell it like it is.  When I have a kid, I'm gonna name
him or her after you.
This is probably my fourth letter to you; I don't know if you received
my other ones because you haven't responded.  The post office must have
lost them; you know how they are.  Or maybe the return address isn't
that clear.  Sometimes I write it kind of sloppy.
So what's been going on?  How are Tom and Jane and Trent?  You probably
hear this all the time, but I'm your biggest fan.  I have all of your
episodes on tape, and your movie, and all of your appearances on "Beavis
and Butt-head".  I have a room full of your posters and pictures, and I
buy all your merchandise.  I even have a copy of "Sealed With A Kick",
your pilot that was never aired on MTV.  I think it rocks!

Write me back, just to chat, truly yours, your biggest fan, this is Ann
5530 3rd St., Splendora, USA
Phone: 555-0134
Fax: 555-0135
Cell: 555-0136
Pager: 555-0137
email: dariafanatic@aoh.com
webpage: dariaisgod.com




Dear Daria,

Well, it's been two months.  I'm not mad, I just think it's pretty
fucked up you don't answer fans.  The least you could do is send an
autograph or something.  I'm sure you have the time.
I watch your show whenever it comes on, be it during the day or one of
those late-night marathons.  Though I'm naturally a blonde, I dyed my
hair medium-brown so it would be just like yours. I wear glasses just
like you too, though since I have perfect vision I had to take the
lenses out.  But I still think they look cool.  I am considering
changing my name to Daria as well.  Ann just sounds so plain!
I hate school just as much as you!  Everyone there is so shallow!  And
you won't believe how boring the classes are.  One time, I got so bored
during fifth period, I carved your name into my arm.  I had to be taken
to the nurse, and it's all healed up now, but I think only the DAR part
looks clear.  I'll have to finish it later.
I have a best friend, just like you.  She's starting to get kind of
jealous because you're all I ever talk about.  I guess she just doesn't
understand me.  No one does.  My parents are thinking of sending me to a
psychologist, but they're gasbags just like yours are.
You gotta call me!  I'm not only your fan, I also consider you a
friend.  In fact, I think I love you.

Sincerely, Ann
5530 3rd St., Splendora, USA
Phone: 555-0134
Fax: 555-0135
Cell: 555-0136
Pager: 555-0137
emails: dariafanatic@aoh.com
            dariatrentjanejessetom@hotmill.com
	  killthefashionclub@yeehaw.com
webpages: dariaisgod.com
	        outcastsrule.com
	        dariaforpresident2000.com
	        annlovesdaria.com




(recording)
Dear Ms. I'm too good to call or write my fans,

I'm recording this tape in the basement under the gym during a pep
rally, where I'm busy planting a bomb.  It's set to go off when they
announce the homecoming king and queen.  That'll show everyone!
It's been six months and still no word from you!  I don't deserve this! 
I know you got my last two letters; I wrote all the information down
perfect!  So this is my cassette I'm sending you.  I hope you hear it! 
You know that song, "Stan" by Eminem?  Well this is kind of like in that
song.  You could have saved me before I hurt someone, but you didn't!  I
hope your conscience eats at you and you can't sleep at night!
Ah, I hear the cheerleaders doing their dance now.  My sister's one of
them; my parents are in the stands watching her.  Wonder if they know
where I am.  Probably not.  Hah!  The joke's on them!  Everyone at
school is going to die, as well as my family!  Doesn't that just blow
your mind?
Well, the timer is set; time to make my escape.
Shit!  The door is locked!  Well, guess I'm going down with them. 
Wait--How'm I supposed to get this tape out?
Noooooooooooooooo!

(ear-shattering explosion heard)




Dear Ann,
My apologies for not writing to you sooner.  We get a lot of fan mail
here at "Daria", and sometimes it takes us a long time to reach each and
every fan.  But here, finally, is a response; also included is a still
from the show autographed by Tracy Grandstaff.
I am thrilled that there are fans of the show as devoted as you, though
in your case I should point out that it's JUST A CARTOON.  It is not
real, and judging by some of what you wrote, it seems that you are not
aware of this.  I became alarmed upon reading how you carved up your
arm; maybe you should take your parents' advice and get some counseling
before you hurt yourself even more.
We here at "Daria" treasure each and every fan we get, especially
hardcore ones like yourself.  We're glad she is turning into such a
positive role model for today's alienated youth.  We'd like to think
that if the poor misguided youths who blew up Splendora High School last
month had followed her message rather than that of the more violent
shows on TV, a tragedy could have been averted.
Thank you for taking the time to write to us.  Keep it up, and take
care!

Glenn Eichler
Executive producer, "MTV's Daria"
