Are You That Guy?
By The Unknown (screw.you@gurlmail.com)

Summary: Five months after the rape. Joanna throws a huge ass party. Will
Jane come, and will she click with a certain guy? (and it isn't Jesse)

Scene 1: Show Daria, Jane, and Joanna walking down the hall. Daria is in
her usual attire. Joanna is wearing wide legs, and shirt that says "Hail
Me!" While Jane is wearing her black under shirt, and wide legged jeans. 
It has been exactly five months since the rape. (1)

Joanna: So you guys coming to my huge ass party?

Daria: Sure why not.

Jane: I dunno. I mean aren't parties the main place for rape?

Joanna: Jane. Evan is locked up (2)

Jane: Sigh, you're right. I'm going to walk home.

Daria: O.K see ya later.

Joanna: Natch check it.

Jane: Huh?

Joanna: Nothing.

Scene 2: Show Jane walking home. She hears footsteps behind her. She 
Quickens her pace.

Trent: Whoa! Slow Down Janey!

Jane: Trent don't do that!

Trent: Sorry. So you going to Joanna's party?

Jane: sigh, I don't know.

Trent: Will think about it o.k?

Jane: O.K.

Trent: Jesse, and I are gonna rehearse. You wanna hear us?

Jane: No not really. Besides Jesse probably wouldn't be to thrilled to see 
me.

Trent: Alright.

Jane: I'm going to my room.

Trent: O.K. see ya.

Scene 3: Show Jane in her room asleep close in on her hair then zoom out 
so we see Jane running through a forest. Behind her is Evan. He tackles 
her to the ground.

Jane: Get off of me NO GO AWAY! (We see an elipse of Jane tossing in her
sleep.  Suddenly she wakes up with a jolt.) It was a dream. Only a dream. 
(She reaches under the bed, and pulls out a stuffed tiger, that looks very
similar to Hobbes from Calvin and Hobbes only darker.)

Jane: sigh Snuffers it's pathetic. (She hugs it, and resumes to sleep.)

Scene 4: Show Trent and Jesse practicing.

Trent: Man something's really up with Janey.

Jesse: I hope she's not still mad about the break up.

Trent: Give it time Jess. Just give it time.

Jesse: Yeah guess you're right.

Trent: So are we still going to Joanna's party?

Jesse: Isn't that a high school party?

Trent: Aww come on Jess.

Jesse: Alright.

Trent: Knew I could count on you.

Scene 5: Show Jane in her bed. Crying.

Jane: It's not fair. Why does this shit always happen to me? First Evan 
rapes me. Then Jesse breaks up with me. Now everyone expects me to be 
cheery. It's so
unfair.

(cut to a flashback of her and Jesse.)

Jesse: Jane I really think we should break up.

Jane: But why?

Jesse: Well it's just that you were raped a short time ago.

Jane: Oh so you consider me damaged goods?

Jesse: That's not what I said!

Jane: Yeah I can see Evan was right about one thing. (Tears start to form 
in her eyes.) Nobody loves me.

(cut back to the present. Jane is crying again.)

Jane: (Shaking) Yeah he was right. No one loves me.

Scene 6: Show Joanna in her living room talking to Quinn on the phone, and
making a check list.

Quinn: So like what kinda music are you going to have?

Joanna: Oh a little of each flavor. Plus two bands are performing!

Quinn: Oh I hope it's the BSB! and N Sync!

Joanna: No. It's my band, and Mystik Spiral.

Quinn: Oh. So what should I wear?

Joanna: Come screaming like a maniac naked. I don't know!

Quinn: Ummm O.K guess I could wear that cute fuzzy sweater.

Joanna: Call the Fashion Club. See if they're still coming.

Quinn: O.K bye.

Joanna: Of course. Hmm let's see. Ah me call Jane!
(She picks up the phone and dials. Cut to a split screen of her and Jane 
who looks normal now.)

Jane: Yo!

Joanna: Hey sup?

Jane: Nothing.

Joanna: So you coming or not?

Jane: Fine I'll go. Beats being alone.

Joanna: Great cuz I have a guy who really wants to meet you?

Jane: Yeah a guy. Who can use me ,abuse me ,then dump me?

Joanna: No. His name's Brandon. Tall, dark, cute too.

Jane: I thought the same about Evan.

Joanna: Oh come on. He's really sweet, caring, sensitive.

Jane: I wish.

Joanna: Do you turn out like Miss Bitch?

Jane: Miss Barch. No. Fine I'll go.

Joanna: Great see ya tomorrow. By.

Scene 7: Show The Lawndale Prison. Inside one of the cells is Evan and a 
Couple of guys named Knife and Brad.

Brad: (To Evan) So whatcha in fer kid? Kinda young ta be murdurin somone.

Evan: Oh nothing.

Knife: Oh come on tell us kid. I'm in here for armed robbery, and Brad's 
in here for vehicular homicide.

Evan: Alrite I raped some girl.

Brad: Whoa kid ya know we don't tolerate yer type.

Knife: yeh raping some girl is just low kid.(3)

Evan: But you guys stole or killed someone.

Brad: Yeh kid, but ya stole some girl's virginity, and killed her dignity.
Come on Knife let's beat this little shit. (They beat the shit out of Evan)

Scene 8: Show Joanna preparing the party.

Joanna: O.K food over there. T.V in there. Skating in there. Dancing, and
chilling here, pool outside. Got it. Need to rehearse. (She pick up a 
guitar, and starts singing.)
 Since when was the last time I looked in the mirror?
 Saw something queer couldn't quite tell it.
 When walking down the street I stopped short.
 Walking by was my look alike.
 and they said we could pass as twins,
 yet we share no common interests no hope for a common future. 
 I guess I have this to say.
 Your my alter ego the side I've never shown before.
 A side I keep locked away in a storage place deep  inside. 
 That's all I gotta say for now.

 (She puts down the guitar. A short applause is heard.)

Brandon: Nice song Joanna. (He has spiky brown with bleached blonde 
streaks,baby blue eyes, has a muscular built, is 6'0, and has a goatee.)

Joanna: What are you doing here?

Brandon: I was bored.

Joanna: So you wanna meet a girl tonight?

Brandon: I don't know.

Joanna: Come on. Her name's Jane. Tall, black hair, pale skin, energetic, 
and sensitive.

Brandon: Will O.k.

Joanna: Great. Will party will be starting in an hour.

Scene 9: Show Joanna's house filled with people. We see the Fashion Club 
Looking at the food, the three J's oggling Quinn, Brittany, and Kevin 
making out. Daria, and Trent talking in the corner, Brandon walking 
around, F.L.I.P. performing, and Jane on the couch with a soda talking to 
Jesse.

Jane: Look Jesse I know I've been acting like a baby, but this ordeal has 
Been very painful. Ummm could we just be friends? I mean it seemed like 
all we did was have sex. (4)

Jesse: Yeah I guess we could. Well gotta go check on Max, and Nick.
(He walks off.)

Jane: God I'm tired. (She looks up and sees Brandon.)

Brandon: Umm hi. Are you Jane?

Jane: Yeah and you?

Brandon: Brandon Sumanhon

Jane: Jane Lane. So what brings you to this party?

Brandon: I'm one of Joanna's friends. (Sits next to her.) So you wanna 
slow dance?

Jane: Next slow song. Yeah.

Brandon: So what do you like to do?

Jane: Art. Running.

Brandon: Cool, I skateboard, and do art too.

Jane: So who's your favorite artist?

Brandon: Oh I kinda like the works of M.C Escher. (5)

Jane: Hmm I don't really have one. So what kind of stuff do you paint?

Brandon: Oh I draw skater symbols, and naked people.

Jane: I see. I prefer blood, and lots of it.

Brandon: Cool. (F.L.I.P. starts to play a slow song.)

Jane: Want to? (They step out onto the dance floor. Jane's arms around his 
neck, and his hands around her waist.)

Brandon: So do you like this?

Jane: Like what this song? Hmm... yeah I guess.

Brandon: So after the party do you want me to take you home?

Jane: (Stops. Hands fall at her sides, and she runs outside crying.) GO 
AWAY! LEAVE ME ALONE!!

Brandon: JANE! WAIT!

(The party goers stare at him as he runs out to find Jane. Who happens to 
be in the yard, kneeling down, sobbing.)

Jane: Just go away.

Brandon: Jane what's wrong?

Jane: Like you would care.

Brandon: Jane you can tell me.

Jane: O.K if you have to know, (softly) I was raped.

Brandon: Oh no.

Jane: I'm sorry I yelled at you like that it's just.

Brandon: (interrupting her.) You thought I would assault you?

Jane: Yeah.

Brandon: I would never do that.

Jane: I guess you're right, but I still want to walk home with my friends.

Brandon: O.K I understand. Hey call me tonight.
 
(He writes down his number, and something else.)

Jane: O.K. (she slips the paper in her pocket.)

Brandon: ummm are you going to leave now?

Jane: Hold on. (she grabs his arms, and pulls him close. They lean forward, 
And kiss each other gently, but in passion for about 3 minutes. They are 
then interrupted by...)

Joanna: O.K homies I think we're going to have a little heat tonight so 
get them coolers.

Jane: What are you doing?

Joanna: I was ready to leave. Are you?

Jane: Yeah, what about Daria?

Joanna: Oh she's making out with Trent.

Jane: I knew it.

Brandon: Well guess I'll see you later.

Jane: Yeah (He kisses her softly one more time.) By.

Brandon: By.
 (Joanna, and Jane walk home together.)

Scene 10: Show Daria, and Trent driving in the car.

Daria: I wonder if Jane's home now?

Trent: Yeah she should be. (They pull up to the Lane house. On the porch 
They see Jane who is reading the note.)

Trent: Hey Janey.

Jane: Oh hey.

Daria: What are you reading?

Jane: This note Brandon gave me.

Daria: Oh.

Jane: Will time to hit the sack. (she walks in the house, and reads the 
note one more time it says.)

        Jane call me tonight my number is 435-0953

       I really had a nice time, and remember you're special. One saying
I have in mind. You are like the unique flower that grows upon the others.
Some may be in bunches fighting to be the prettiest, and some are like weeds 
who steal anything the chance they can get. You however are the one 
unique flower that stands out. Some may think you strange, but I don't.

               Love Brandon.

Jane: (A tear rolls down her cheek.) Evan was wrong. Someone loves me.

The End

Song: Are You That Guy? by F.L.I.P

 Last time I saw a man it was a painful ordeal.
 Didn't think I could ever trust anyone again.
 Till my eyes met yours from across the room.
 Couldn't stop staring at the face I had seen.
 So I walked across the room, as you did the same.
 We introduced ourselves. Then we slow danced.

 With one thought running through my mind.
 Are you that guy I can trust?
 The one who loves me for me, and not some lust.
 I hope you are. Yes I hope you are.
 The man that I can trust.

 Authors notes:

 O.K., the story after "Jane's Crisis". As we can see in this one Jane 
does find another man, now to explain a few things

1) Jane was raped in Jane's Crisis.

2) She was raped by Evan.

3)It has been said that rapers are held the lowest down, and tend to be 
beaten, and shunned. I am going to explore this matter more in
"Forgive Me Please".

4)In "Jane's Crisis" Jane and Jesse started having sex.

5) He was best know for his unusual tessellation.

 Will that's all I have now.

Cut to a shot of a girl sitting on a large arm chair. She is wearing a red 
robe, snow cap, and shades. This is Coolsy from the Wackies.

Coolsy: (Flatly) The story you have seen is true. All of these events
Have happened. Should I also note that no more strange bizarre stuff will 
happen. (As if on cue a jar with a girl inside hops past.)

Jar Girl: I want beer give me beer!

Coolsy: Oh God. (Two girls run past laughing like maniacs, holding a sign 
That says "This Has Been a Shumeup Production". Then a boy that looks 
gothic lights the place on fire.)

Boy: Alright! (The screen burns to a crisp, as we hear maniac laughing in 
The back ground.)

Another note: O.K that was a little bizarre, but that will be my closing 
from now on. So get used to it.
