Balance of Power

by Jill Palmer

jill@mail.one.net


Summary: Quinn meets top-of-the-pecking-order pressure.  Crystal meets
Trent and Jesse.  Jane gets hurt.  The hypothetical observer (and how
are you people today?) meets a different Crystal than Daria and Co.
know.  Confused?  You won't be after this episode of Soa... erm, sorry,
wrong show.  Let's try after this episode of Daria, shall we?  We
shall.


(Legal notice: Daria is not mine, she belongs to MTV, blah blah blah. 
Crystal, however, *is* mine, so you'll have to fight with me to use her
in your story.  Post this on your fanfic site if you so wish, but let
me know where it is so I can keep tabs on my personality.)


	Sandi Griffin flopped onto her bed and sighed.

	Ever since that girl Crystal had showed up, Sandi's life had been a
wreck.  She'd been home sick Crystal's first day, so the rest of the
Fashion Club naturally assumed it was their leader.  (Even though
Crystal was in the same classes as that girl Quinn knew, and the
Fashion Club was a year behind them.)  Sandi had been kicked out for
"unfashionable" behavior.

	"That I didn't even do," she mumbled into her pillow.

***

	"Too bad you're moving back soon," Jane Lane said to her friend,
Crystal Stewart.

	"Yeah," Crystal said.  She sighed.  "I wish my dad's damn company
would pick a place and leave him in it."

	Daria Morgendorffer finally found the textbook she was looking for.
She slammed her locker shut and joined the conversation.

	"So how many lives have you helped us ruin?"  Daria's question was
directed at Crystal.

	"Just one," she answered.  "And we did a good job of it, too."

	"I think a second is in the works," Daria countered.  "Quinn seems to
be getting more depressed every day.  I'm wondering how long before she
gets out her copy of _Winnie-the-Pooh_."

	"The top of the pecking order must be too much pressure for her," Jane
commented.

	"Just try to keep me filled in, okay?  I don't wanna miss any serious
LHS action."  Crystal didn't need to expand on it.  Daria and Jane
*knew* what was meant by serious.

	Speak of Jane: "You got our word on it.  Any last-minute
predictions?"

	"Slow down!" Crystal exclaimed, laughing.  "I'm not gonna be gone for
another week."

	"Speaking of weeks," Daria said, "there's only three of them before
the Halloween dance.  Usually Ms. Li starts announcing it around now,
but I haven't heard so much as a peep about it.  Not even from Jodie."

	Jane considered.  "Not like Ms. Li to pass up a chance to bring honor
and glory to..."  She paused, and the threesome finished together,
imitating the principal.

	"Laaawndale Hiiigh!"

***

	Not more than ten feet away, Quinn Morgendorffer was practically in
hell.

	She was completely stressed out trying to keep the Fashion Club
running.  (She'd heard some people who get really stressed have their
hair fall out, and was *praying* that didn't happen to her.)  It was
all that Crystal girl's fault!

	When Crystal, whom Quinn thought was Sandi at the time, turned over
the Fashion Club to her, it was a dream come true.  The schedule was
catching up to her, though.  Five times in the past two weeks she'd
nearly left the house clashing, that's how tired she was.

	"Meet Virgina" started running through her head.  She hadn't really
cared for the song much before this fiasco, but the chorus really
applied to her life at the moment.

	There was only one problem.

	She wanted to go crawling back to Sandi.  (Not literally - that would
get her pants all dirty!)  She'd have to wait and see if Crystal left
before she could do so, though.

***

	Crystal logged onto an IRC channel as soon as she got home.  She found
her boyfriend X (short for Xander, which in turn is short for
Alexander).  A rough transcript of their conversation follows:


User HalloChick has entered #HolidayIsland/

HalloChick: X?  You in here?

X: Hey!  Long time no hear from!  News?

HalloChick: Oh yeah.  Lawndale oughta be a great place to launch our
band.

X: Great, but useless without a lead guitar.

HalloChick: Oh, keep looking there, WILL YOU!  There's got to be
someone there.  I'll keep looking around L-dale.

X: Y'know, if you aren't back by Monday they'll probably send a search
party after you.

HalloChick: I should be back Sunday.  If not, they can send the dam
search party.  Gotta go.

X: See ya.

User HalloChick has left #HolidayIsland/


	Crystal sighed.  "Why the hell do I even have to go back to that
dump?" she asked no one in particular.

	"Because your dad works for a fickle company," Daria commented from
the doorway.

	Crystal jumped, the relaxed a bit when she recognized the voice.  "Oh,
it's you.  I... wasn't expecting any visitors."

	"That was obvious."  Daria sat down on Crystal's bed.  "I'm going over
to Jane's.  Wanna come?"

	"Sure."

	"I'm not sure what we'll find.  Jane said the band's practicing."

	Crystal perked up.  "Band?"

	"Her brother's band, Mystik Spiral.  But they're thinking of changing
their name."  Daria sighed.  "So you up for an adventure?"

	"Sounds good to me."

***

	In her room, with "Falls Apart" by Sugar Ray blasting on the stereo,
Jane was gluing bits of things to a sculpture when she (albeit barely)
heard a knock at her closed door.  "Yo!" she called, and Daria and
Crystal came in.  Jane turned down the music so there would be a chance
she culd hear what they had to say.

	"I figured Crystal might be interested in the band," Daria said, "so I
stopped by her place on the way."

	"How that could be I don't know," Jane mused.

	Suddenly, a very loud and very bad guitar chord shook the room and
knocked over Jane's statue.

	"Who is torturing that poor guitar, and can we make them stop?"
Crystal asked.

	Jane turned off the music for good.  Looked like the girls were going
downstairs.  "My brother Trent is most likely the torturer," she
answered, "or maybe Jesse.  And no, we probably can't make them stop. 
Turn it down, possibly."

	Five minutes later, the threesome were downstairs listening to Trent
and Jesse practice.  If you could call it that.  It was really just a
series of loud twangs that, in theory, represented a song.

	"Yo, TRENT!" Jane yelled over the racket.  "Could you turn that down
some?  We can't hear our own attempts at thinking upstairs!"

	The twangs commenced.  Daria got a worried look on her face.  Before
Jane could pull a yenta act (not to say she wouldn't anyway), Daria
headed over and pulled the amp plugs.

	Even through this the twanging commenced, except now you could carry
on a normal conversation while listening.  Trent, noticing the abrupt
change in volume, looked up and saw the three girls.

	"Hey Janey," he said.  'Hey Daria.  Who's your new friend?"

	"Crystal," Jane said, "meet Trent and Jesse.  Guys, this is Crystal
Stewart."

	After all were introduced, Crystal started off a conversation.  "So,
Daria told me you have a band."

	"Yeah," Trent answered.  "It's called Mystik Spiral."

	Crystal thought this over.  "Sounds like someone got high while
watching a Weather Channel hurricane report."

	Trent laughed, and had a small coughing attack.  "Good one, Crystal."

	"Thinking of changing the name," Jesse said.

"To Helpful Corn," Jane scoffed.  "Do you guys honestly think *that*
would get you anywhere?"

	"Let's see," Crystal started, ticking of names on her fingers as she
listed them.  "We've got Marcy Playground, T'Pau, Cherry Poppin'
Daddies, Smash Mouth, Barenaked Ladies, Dexi's Midnight Runners, Soft
Cell..."

	She could've kept right on, but Jane stopped her.  "All right, all
right!  Point taken!"

	"You know," Trent said, "we have a gig this Friday.  You guys wanna
come?"

	"Well, I know I'm interested," Crystal answered.  "Jane looks it
too."

	Jane, with an evil smirk on her face, piped up.  "And I'm sure Daria
would *love* to go, wouldn't she?"

	"Um... sure," Daria said, then proceeded to treat Jane to an evil
glare.  It missed by half an inch and vaporized a completely innocent
fly.

	"We'll all be here then," Jane informed the guys, "so don't worry
about picking us up.  We'll go back upstairs and leave you guys to your
bonding or whatever it is you do down here."

***

	"Yenta."

	"I am not!"

	"Yes."

	"No!"

	"Are so."

	"Am not!"

	"DING!" Crystal interjected.  "Good morning!"

	"What?" Daria and Jand chorused, turning to face their friend. 
Crystal, now on a Monty Python kick, continued.

	"Yes, that's right, good morning!  If you wish to continue this
argument, you'll have to pay for the next five minutes."  She
practically saw the joke sliding right over their heads and sighed. 
Changing the subject, she said, "He's a man of few words, that Jesse."

	Jane got defensive all of a sudden.  "He's *my* man of few words, so
back off!"

	Daria rolled her eyes.  "She didn't even say anything like that, Lane.
 All she said was he doesn't talk much."  A pause for thought, then: 
"What happened to Tom, anyway?"

	"I never want to hear that name again!"

***

	That Friday, the threesome found themselves backstage at McGrundy's
Pub.

	"I thought their weekly gig here was Sundays," Daria thought out
loud.

	"The usual band for tonight traded with them," Jane said as an
answer.

	"Oh."

	Onstage, Trent started off the concert.  "Hey.  We're Mystik Spiral...
but we're thinking of changing our name."

	"He actually *opens* like that?" Crystal asked incredulously.

	"Has been for a while now," Jane informed her.

	As soon as the band started playing (the song of choice is believed to
have been "Behind My Eyelids" but Trent never got a chance to start
singing), the crowd started booing.

	"Tough crowd," the girls chorused.

	Suddenly, a chair leg hit the curtain right where Jane was
psuedo-leaning (the best you can against a curtain) on it.  It probably
wouldn't have been so bad if it hadn't hit her in the head.  But it
did, and Jane collapsed.

	"Jane!" Daria exclaimed, her voice full of panic no matter how much
she tried to hide it.  "Crystal, call 911 and get the band offstage."

***

	By the time Crystal finished making the call (and musing "someone out
there has *some* arm" out of Daria's earshot), Mystik Spiral had
managed to get themselves offstage.  Trent and Jesse had joined Daria
around an unconscious Jane.

	"There's an ambulance on the way," she informed them.

	Daria looked up, her glasses off and her face tear-stained.  "Okay,"
she said quietly.

	Crystal sat down next to Daria.  "She'll be all right.

	Daria glared at Crystal, pain and anger in her eyes.  "How do you
know?  She obviously isn't now, and if it gets worse, it'll hurt me too
much.  Jane was my only friend until you came, and you're leaving
soon..."  That vented, she sighed and looked down at Jane.

	Crystal sighed herself.  So *that* was it; Daria was afraid of losing
her friend.  How could she explain to Daria that she knew Jane would be
okay without telling her everything?

	"Look," she started.  "I have friends who know a lot about this kind
of thing.  They've told me enough that I know she'll be fine.  *Trust
me, Daria.*"

	The ambulance arrived, and their conversation ended.


END

NOTES


"how long before Quinn gets out _Winnie-the-Pooh_" - A ref to my fic
"New Direction".  That's the one where Quinn was quoting Eeyore because
she was depressed, remember?

"Meet Virginia" running through Quinn's head - The original title of
this fic was "I Don't Really Wanna Be the Queen".  I decided against
that because (a) it's too long and (b) the focus wasn't exactly *on*
Quinn and Sandi anymore.

X, short for (Ale)xander - The Buffy-philes out there know who Xander
is.  And that *is* what it's short for too!

"who is torturing that poor guitar" - Lynn said this in "A Meeting of
the Brains".  Remember?

Crystal's analogy of the name Mystik Spiral - A new character from
someone *else's* Daria fic said "someone got stoned while watching the
bathtub drain".  Didn't know who to give credit to or else I would've
used that.

The band list - Yes, they're all real bands (if you were wondering).

Crystal's "Monty Python" kick - Actually, I had "Blind Audition" in my
head when I wrote that scene.  Really.
