Title: Battle of The Bands
Summary: Mystic Spiral had entered a Battle of the Rock Bands, but the thing
is they must have a girl in the band or they will get disqualified. So they
ask Daria, but the thing is Trent has to spend every day with Trent. When
the Battle finally comes up, so does Monique. Can Daria deal with Monique
getting up on her man?

I have written a note with my E-mail address in it and I would like it to be
posted. Thanks here's the story:

Note: Just a little note saying that Daria isn’t mind and I didn’t rip off
anything from anyone. I just love Daria and Trent. Now if you see stars **
that just means that I would really appreciate it if you didn’t take the
name or words that is before or after. The band name Black Moth, is a band
that my friends are in, and I wish for you not to take it. And the lyrics at
the beginning of this fan fiction, is from one of their songs. Thank you and
enjoy. If comments about how you loved it, or hated it, or if you just want
to say hi e-mail me:  cjiskelly@yahoo.com or CJKelly@msn.com bye! Enjoy!

Battle of the Bands

Scene One: Jane and Daria are walking down the school hallway. Jane stops at
her locker.
Jane: Hey what's on the agenda for Spring break? (Putting books inside her
locker)
Daria: Sick Sad World marathon, Pizza Parlor, and staring into space trying
to see if there IS intelligent life, and then sleep.
Jane: Okay, but we have to add bugging Quinn and all her dates.
Daria: Fine
They walk out of the school to see Trent there in his beat up blue car.
Trent motions for them to come over. They walk up to him, Daria blushing
with every step towards him.
Jane: Hey Trent. Why are you here??
Trent: Get in I'll tell you about it on the way home. I’ll drop you home
Daria.
Daria: (Blushes) Okay.
Jane opens the back door and gets in. Then she locks the door and unrolls
her window.
Daria: Don't you want to go in front?
Jane: No you can. Keep Trent Company. (Smiles a wicked smile)
Daria: Wicked stepsister. (She whispers into Jane’s ear before climbing into
the front seat)
Jane: (smiles again) not yet. Not yet.
Trent: Girl talk. (Snicker)
Trent starts up the car. Daria feeling the vibration of the car, or was it
her shaking from being close to Trent? As they got down the road Jane spoke.
Jane: So, what's up?
Trent: Mom is going away for the week to the countryside to find her inner
child and she wants to know if you want to go with her?? Being and artiest
and all. She thinks it will be inspiring or something.
Jane: Then why aren’t you going? You could get some songs out of it.
Trent: I can't go. Mystic Spiral has to practice all this week because we
are in the Battle of the Rock Bands.  Beside, I don't have an inner child.
Jane: Well I'm not going.
Daria: yeah, Jane wouldn’t get anything out of the trip; she IS a child.
Trent: Funny Daria.
Jane: Yeah funny. (Sneers.)

Scene Two: Next day, (12:25 pm) Jane and Daria are in Jane's room. Daria is
watching TV, (Sick Sad World, duh!) Jane is painting on her canvas. Daria is
so into the Sick Sad World Marathon that she doesn’t notice that Jane had
painted Trent playing a guitar and Daria eyeing him dreamily. Then in big
red letters Jane Paints: Will Daria Ever Tell The Truth? Jane can’t help
herself but laugh when she is done.
Daria: What is so damn funny? (Turn to see the painting.) Jane Lane you
destroy that picture or else!
Jane: No! I like it. It’s my reality painting. I should go show Trent. He
likes reality. (Walks to her doorway)
Daria: You wouldn't dare. (Eying her best friend)
Jane: TRENT COME HERE!!! (She yells and laughs)
Daria: Jane Lane!!
Then there is a sound of a high volume but low pitch cord from a guitar. The
cord is so loud that it rattles the walls of Jane's room. The Painting falls
and smudges the floor.
Jane: Dammit! I liked that painting. I am going to complain, AGAIN. I will
be right back. (Walks out of the room and goes to the basement)
Daria waits a second thinking then jumps off the bed and runs after Jane.
She hates to complain about Trent’s music because she gets embarrassed all
the time. Daria is in such a hurry that she trips on her own two feet and
falls down the basement stairs. Daria does summersaults all the way down.
She hits Jane and they both are lying on the floor.
Jane: (Whispers to Daria) Smooth. Real smooth.
Daria: (Whispers Back) Shut the Hell up! Daria then realizes that her lenses
broke, but she could still see threw them.
Jane: Make me, sunshine. (Then pushed Daria off of her)
The band stops playing and stares at the two girls on the ground, wrestling.
Daria is holding Jane down by her arms. Trent grabs Daria, while Jesse grabs
Jane. Daria stops and turns bright red noticing that Trent has his arm
around her. Jane smiles and evil grin and brushes Jesse off.
Jane: (Kisses Jesse) It’s okay I won’t kill her. She’s that one that attack
me. (Eying Trent’s arm)
Trent: (Looks down seeing where his arm is.) Oh, sorry Daria. Just wanted
you off my little sis. (Lets her go)
Daria: (Blushing) It’s okay Trent. (Turns to Jane) For you information I
tripped and fell.
Jane: Whatever. (Holding onto Jesse’s arm)
Max: hey can we, like, start playing again? (They all look at him) What?
Trent: Lets have a break and eat. I am hungry. What do you want, anyway,
Janey?
Jane: Just wanted to tell you to keep it down. I was working on a great
painting of...(Daria giving her the death stare) it was a good painting and
you made it fall and smudge my floor. But seeing how it doesn’t really
matter. Daria and I will make you guys’ lunch.
Jesse: really?? (Raises his eye brow) I didn’t know you cooked.
Jane: who said anything about cooking??  (Smiles)
Trent: Thanks Janey, this way we don’t have to stop practicing. I want some
soup; tomato would be nice.
Jesse: Just some cereal. Any type will do.
Jane: Anything else from the other half of the band?
Nick: Hamburger would be great.
Max: Yeah, great idea, for once. Me too.
Daria and Jane go up the stairs playfully pushing on another and smiling.
They then go to the kitchen for the guys.

Scene Three: In Jane’s basement. It’s 4:50 pm and Trent and Jesse are still
playing their guitars and trying to make up a song.
Trent: (Singing)
**I hate this place, totally, but there’s nothing better.
Why can’t they all, disappear, instead of being together?
I hate the town, with people, that won’t go away.
Leave me alone, by myself, to sulk in Misery. **

Jesse: Wow man, that’s deep.
Trent: You think?
Then the telephone starts to ring. Trent stares at in until it stops
ringing. Then he hears Jane yell down.
Jane: TENT!!!
Trent: What?
Jane: Monique is on the phone.
Trent: Okay Thanks.
(Picks up the phone)
Hello.
Monique: Hey Trent. How are you?
Trent: Fine. What’s up?? Do you need something??
Monique: Nope. You do though.
Trent: Huh?
Monique: I was signing up Black Moth* for the Battle of the Rock Bands. I
saw your name on the list.
Trent: Yeah so...
Monique: well I noticed that your band is all guys.
Trent: You already knew that. What’s the problem?
Monique: Well, my cousin, who knows this guy, who works for the judges, who
said that they want the bands to be union-sexed.
Trent: Huh?
Monique: You have to have a girl or they will disqualify you. She doesn’t
even have to sing. She could be a fly girl.
Trent: Why that is just stupid.
Monique: Some shit about how men need women. I don’t know. Rule made up by a
judges’ ex-wife. Barch. I don’t know.
Trent: oh, but we don’t have anyone that would do that.
Monique: then I guess you better start looking. I want to be in competition
of the best. And your band is the best. Bye Trent. And good hunting. I know
that won’t be hard for you. Since you have anew girlfriend every month.
Trent: Monique...drop it. I told you that Daria is...(Monique hangs up on him)
(Trent hangs up the phone.)
Jesse: what was that about Trent?
Trent: Jesse do you know any girls that are good looking, has a great voice,
can play and instrument and is cool?
Jesse: Jane??
Trent: We’re doomed!!

Scene Four:  The next afternoon, Jane and Daria are at the pizza parlor and
sitting in their normal booth. They are across each other waiting for the
guys to show up, to have lunch.
Daria: What’s this about?
Jane: I have no idea. Jesse told me last night that we should meet him a
Trent here are 12:15 for lunch.
Daria: Here they come. (Smiles at the sight of Trent)
Trent and Jesse come and sit with the girls. Jesse sits next to Jane. They
kiss for a while. Trent sits next to Daria. Trent then puts his arm around
Daria, hoping it’s okay with her. Daria notices that Jane winked at her.
Jane: What’s this about, Jesse?
Jesse: Trent, you tell the girls.
Trent: we need help.
Jane: we already knew that, but there isn’t enough money to get you fixed up
right. (Snickers from Daria)
Trent: Shut up Janey. No we need a girl. One that’s good looking, smart, can
dance, sing or playing an instrument.
Daria: Why? (Staring at Trent with dreamy eyes)
Trent: (looking at Daria and smiling, making her blush) Well, we have to
have a girl in the band or the Battle of the Rock Bands will disqualify us.
Some stupid rule that the judges made up.
Daria: That sucks. I wish Jane and I could help.
Jane: Yeah, but incase you guys didn’t notice, Daria and I don’t have any
friends but each other, and you guys. And we both know were the only girls
Mystic Spiral knows.
Jesse: what are you talking about; we know tons of girls.
Jane: (punching him in the arm) and who are these ‘tons of girls’?
Trent: leave him alone Janey. (Eying Daria) We were wondering if maybe you
would join the band.
Daria: No! (Daria says a little too loud)
Trent: (He takes his arm off Daria and starts to pretend beg) Why not? It
will be fun and you could be doing something, instead of watching and
complaining all the damn time.
Jane: I’ll do it. Daria isn’t really a social butterfly.
Daria: Thanks Jane.
Jane: glad to help.
Jesse: that’s cool, you and I could spend every day and night together
playing music.
Daria: Or making music.
Trent: (Laughs and then goes serious for a minute.) Eh, Daria has a great
point. I would love to have my little sis in the band, but I don’t want her
to slack. (Turns to face Daria. Catches himself staring into her eyes) I
would really like it better if you joined us. I know you will work hard. I
would really like it if you joined us for a little.
Daria: you would? (Thinking) I’m under your command master Trent.
Trent: yeah, you’re perfect (snaps out of it when he hears Jane snicker) for
the band of course.
Daria: Of course.

Scene Five: Daria is in front of the Lane’s house. She had come there on a
daily basis but today she was having a lesson with Trent. No band. Just
Trent. He thought it would be better that way to teach and learn with a
one-on-one session. But she was shaking. When she finally rang the doorbell
so thought of running back home.
Daria: (thinking) Daria, girl, chill. You’re at Jane’s house. And Trent just
happens to be inviting you for a lesson on music. No panicking. (Trent opens
the door and smiles at Daria) Ok, I am panicking. (Out loud) H-hey Trent.
Trent: Hey Daria. Come in.
Trent shuts the door after her and leads her up stairs into his room. Daria
then sees two chairs side by side, with Trent’s guitar in the middle. Trent
sits in one of the chairs and point to the one next to him.
Daria: (say something you idiot!) so...how are things coming along?
Trent: Oh, okay. The band is really excited about this, and we really
appreciate you helping out. I know you’ll be perfect because you fit the job
description.
Daria: What’s the job description? (Getting stiff and trying not to touch
him)
Trent: Um...Smart, a hard worker, talented, energetic, and good-looking. (He
can tell she is uncomfortable)
Daria: Yeah...well, so what are we going to do today?
Trent: Well, I wanted to play you the two songs, which you have heard
before, and then I’ll teach you how to play them. Okay?
Daria: Sure.
Trent: Okay, let me tune my guitar first before playing.
Daria nodded. After about 5 minutes Trent started playing Psychic Refugee
(Lane Miserable). He was getting it wrong at the beginning because he kept
staring at Daria’s eyes. She was so fascinating to him, that he wondered why
she didn’t have a boyfriend yet. So he shut his eyes and started the song
over again. Daria just watched Trent as he started to move and nod his head.
She didn’t even care that the song was being played. When Trent was done he
sat back down on the chair and was sweating heavily.
Daria: wow, you really got into it. I mean your sweating like hell.
Trent: (Whipping his forehead) sorry, I love that song, and we made that up
a week ago for this Battle of the Rock Bands. The lyrics are still a work in
progress.
Daria: Well, I thought it was great. (Smiles at Trent)
Trent: look I know we just got started but want to take a break?
Daria: sure, what do you want to do?
Trent: well let’s go for a walk to that new park.
Daria: okay (Thinking) Master

Scene Six: Daria and Trent are at the park. Daria is sitting on a swing
while Trent is leaning against the bar that stables it. They had been there
for 15 minutes.
Daria: Um...Trent.
Trent: Yes Daria. (Thinking) my sweet angel.
Daria: I was just wondering...(Thinking) will you be my boyfriend (out loud)
where was Jane?
Trent: (Thinking) Damn it. That’s it! (Out Loud) Um...hanging out with Jesse
at his house.
Daria: Oh
Trent: (Thinking) do something, anything (Out Loud) Want me to push?
Daria: What? (Eyes wide with the sick thought that popped in)
Trent: (Thinking) Damn, I didn’t mean it like it sounded. (Out Loud) Do you
want me to push you on the swing?
Daria: Sure
Trent then goes behind Daria and pushes her. He kept this up for a while
when Daria leans back and falls out of the swing. Trent falls as well
because she grabbed his shirt on the way down. So now Trent was on top of
Daria. Trent starts to touch Daria’s hair. Both not wanting to move, but
knowing they should. They lay there silent, staring into one another’s eyes
until Trent spoke.
Trent: Are you okay Daria? Anything hurt?
Daria: Nothing (Thinking) but my pride. (Out Loud) Sorry about that Trent.
Trent: It’s okay (Thinking) I like being close to you
Then Trent gets up off of Daria and brushes himself off, right before taking
Daria’s hand and helping her up. Daria goes all warm when Trent touched her,
and she stares right into his eyes. Trent notices this but doesn’t stop it.
Neither of them realizes that they are still holding each other’s hand. Then
out of the woods come Jane and Jesse. They are holding each other and
laughing, when Jane sees the two. They stop and stare at Trent and Daria.
Daria and Trent look at Jane and Jesse. Breaking the odd moment Jesse
speaks.
Jesse: Hey Trent, Daria. This is a wonderful surprise. So, how long have you
two been going out? (Eyeing them still holding hands)
Daria and Trent look at Jesse like he’s crazy.
Trent: Who said we were going out, Jesse. Janey, if you did I’m gonna...
Jesse: (to his girlfriends defense) Jane didn’t say a thing. But you two are
holding hands.
Daria and Trent look down to see they were holding hands. They don’t let go
right away. And before they do Daria feels Trent squeeze her hand. Daria
then spaces out and looks down. Daria thinking: I’m never washing my hands
again.
Trent: Daria fell off the swing and I helped her up, and then you guys came
out. We weren’t holding hands.
Jane: What ever you say Trent. So, what happen to guitar practice?
Daria getting out of her trance: Um...Trent wanted a break.
Jane: yeah, okay

Scene Seven: It’s the day of the Battle of the Rock Bands.  And it’s 9 in
the morning. Daria had been practicing with Trent and the guys every day for
the past week. Daria can play a few songs on Trent’s guitar. Also, the day
before Daria sang one of the songs for fun and Trent realized she had a
wonderful voice. (She sounded like Pink -My favorite Artiest-) Daria was now
waiting at her house for the band to pick her up.
Helen: Daria. (Says while knocking on her door) can I talk to you for a
moment?
Daria: What? I am still trying to learn these words. (Lets mom in her room)
Helen: I was just wondering if you knew what time you would be home.
Daria: I was hoping I could stay at Jane’s house again. I mean, just incase
we go out after the Battle and hang out.
Helen: Well, I guess.
They both hear the doorbell ring. Daria jumps off her bed and grabs her
green jacket.
Quinn: (Yelling up the stairs) DARIA! That guy you like is here. Trent I
think is his name.
Daria: Thanks Quinn! (To Helen) Remind me to kill her when I get back.
Helen grabs Daria’s arm before she leaves.
Helen: One more thing. Be careful if that Trent guy. He’s 21 and you’re 16.
He might take advantage of that. So watch yourself.
Then she let her go. Daria was really mad her mother brought it up Trent
would never do anything like that. Yeah, Trent told her he’s had sex before,
but she knew he would never with Her. She was really pissed off at her
mother. Her anger melted when she saw Trent standing there with a big, long,
black cardboard box.
Daria: Hey Trent. (Pointing at the box) What’s that?
Trent: It’s for you. Open it. (Hand’s her the box)
Daria lays the box on the ground because it was heavier that she thought.
She bent down and knelt on her knees. She ripped the tape off it and opened
it. Inside was the coolest thing she had ever seen. It was an Electric-Base
guitar. It was black. Shinny, you could tell it was new. And on the left
hand side was the name DARIA writing in Red. Daria picked it up and saw that
the guitar strap had something written on it. It said: “To the coolest high
schooler I know.” She looked at it and then at Trent. He was smiling. He
knew she liked it. She then put it on the side and hugged Trent. She didn’t
even think twice about it. She was really happy Trent bought her something.
No guy has ever bought her a thing.
Daria: Thank you Trent! (Still hugging him. Then lets go) oops...sorry about
that.
Trent: No problem, I thought you needed one of your own, now that you are
part of the band. Also, I don’t mind a hug. It was even better that it was
from you. (He smiles a sexy smile and looks into Daria’s eyes.) Lets go,
Jane and Jesse are in the tank. You’re in front with me. We have to pick up
Nick and Max.
Daria and Trent went out of the house and into the tank. Daria put her new
guitar in the back with the other instruments. Then sat in shotgun. Trent
picked up Nick and Max and then they were off to the Battle of the Rock
Bands.

Scene Eight: Battle of the Rock Bands. 10 AM. Mystic Spiral is waiting and
watching the entertainment before the Battle began. The entertainment was
Papa Roach, Linkin Park, and Blink 182. Linkin Park was playing “Crawling”
when Mystic Spiral finally checked in at the ‘office’. Max and Nick are
sleeping in the Tank. Jesse and Jane are making out somewhere in the crowd.
Trent and Daria are sitting on a small hill having one last lesson. Daria is
shaking and Trent sees she’s nervous.
Trent: Um...Daria.
Daria: (looking up from her new guitar) yeah
Trent: I was wondering if I could give you a back rub? You will relax
easily.
Daria: Sure, I need to be relaxed.
As Trent starts to give Daria a back and shoulder rub, Daria relaxes and
closes her eyes. She loved the feel of his hands on her body. Trent was
enjoying it as well. He liked it when she was happy.
Trent: (Thinking) Comfort her. Say something nice. Give her a damn hint.
(Out Loud) Daria, there really is nothing to worry about. You’ll be great,
because you are great. I am glad it wasn’t Janey. She would have been
handing out with Jesse and not practicing like you were. You have to calm
down. Be cool. Be confident. And remember, I am here when ever you need me.
(Stops the back rub) Even if it had nothing to do with Mystic Spiral.
Daria: (taken back my his words, she turns around to face him) Thanks Trent.
You’re a friend.
Trent: No thank you is necessary.
Daria: (She is now positioned so that she is sitting crossed legged in front
of him) Yes it is. I want to thank you for everything. Not just for the
boost of confidence. (She smiles, ready to say what’s on her mind) For
getting me the guitar, helping me learn these great songs, and treating me
like a friend. I mean you are my best friend’s older brother, but you aren’t
a guy that thinks I am just a little girl.
Trent: (looking into her eyes and smiling.) You’re not a little girl. You
are a great friend Daria. Not just to my sister, but to me. You really
pulled threw with this ‘joining and helping the band’ thing. You are really
mature and smart, (Pause) and beautiful. I like having you around. During
practice was the best time of the day for me, because I got to spend it with
you.
Daria: what do you mean? (Looks into his sexy eyes)
Trent: I mean, when I am with you alone I get this feeling of independence.
Like, you inspire me for stuff. Like writing songs. Also, I love how you and
I can have a one to one talk and I know you’re really listening, and not
blowing me off. I like having you around, (pauses to take Daria’s hand into
his own) just me.
Daria smiles at Trent. She looks at his face and keeps looking at his lips.
She leans in closer, but no so much to push Trent away. Trent still holding
Daria’s hand leans forward as well. They are a few inched apart looking at
each other.
Trent: I like having you around, Daria. (Thinking) kiss her! Kiss her!
Daria: I like being with you to, Trent. (Thinking) Kiss him! Kiss him!
Female Voice: Hey Trent!
Daria gets upset and so does Trent. They part quickly and look up to see
Monique. She has this evil grin on her face. The two get up and let go of
each other’s hands.
Trent: Hey Monique! (Hugs her, polite like)
Monique: how are things? Did you recruit a new girl band member? (Totally
ignores Daria)
Trent: Yeah (Puts arm around Daria) Mystic Spiral has a great new member. We
’re better than ever now. (Hugs Daria)
Monique: (gloating tone) Black Moth is the best band I’ve been in. (Act as
if the first time she’s seen Daria) and how old are you anyway?
Daria: (Not liking Monique right away) I am 16.
Monique: (turns to Trent) lowering your friend to high schoolers, how
pitiful.
Trent: This girl right here is the coolest High schooler I know. She’s
smart, funny, and trendy! (Daria smiles, glad Trent is sticking up for her)
I only hang out with cool chicks.
Monique: What in the hell is you name anyway, Ms. Anti-social
Daria: (Yelling) Daria Morgindorffor!
Monique: So you are Daria. (Looks into Daria’s eyes) You know its all your
fault that Trent broke up with me. We were in love before you moved her. Why
don’t you go back to where you came from!
Trent: (Lets go of Daria) DON’T YOU EVER TALK TO DARIA LIKE THAT AGAIN!!!
Monique: (She shrugs it off) Yeah, whatever! Daria, watch your back slut!
Trent then slaps Monique really hard. Daria is in shock, and Monique is
holding her cheek. Trent is looking right threw Monique.
Trent: Back off Monique. The only slut I see here is you!
Monique gets upset and plans to leaves. Before she does though, she walks up
to Trent. Right in his face.
Monique: (Whispers loudly so Daria can here) You use to like it when I was
your slut. Another thing...
She leans over to Trent and she kissed him on the lips. Daria can’t move.
She is crying by now, because Trent just stands there. Not moving or pushing
her away, Just taking it. When they do stop Monique walks off with a smile
on her face. Daria looks at Trent, and sees this gleam in his eyes. She
thinks she is so stupid to think that a guy like him could ever love her.
She then slaps Trent, getting him out of the trance and runs off.
Trent: Dammit Monique!

Scene Nine:  In the tank. Daria was humiliated and wanted to go home. She
didn’t care about the stupid Battle. She jumped into the tank to find that
Nick and Max were still asleep, but when Daria jumped into the car they
awoke.
Max: Ouch! What the hell was that? (Rubbing his head, because he hit his
head with Nick’s)
Nick: Watch what you doing ass!
Max: well if your head wasn’t so hard this wouldn’t be a problem!!
The two start to fight and wrestle until they hear Daria crying. They stop
to see what happen.
Max: what’s wrong Daria?
Nick: Yeah why so blue?
Daria: Nothing, look with you guys leave me alone. Please.
Seeing she was upset they did. When they got out of the tank, Trent got in,
without Daria noticing. He didn’t want to leave. Not when they were doing to
well.
Daria: Damn that Monique! I hate her! I hate her!
Trent: I hate her to. (Daria jumped at this she stood up only to hit her
head on the roof and fell into Trent’s arms. He didn’t let go.)
Daria: how could you do that!! I thought...I thought we were...(voice faded
while replaying Trent’s and Monique’s kiss)
Trent: (Still holding Daria) I am sorry, I was stupid. I just didn’t know
what to do. Please don’t go. The band needs you. (Pause) I need you.
Daria: but you had a look in your eye that I have never seen. It was...(she
couldn’t finish because she started to cry again)
Trent: (Held Daria in his arms) With that slut it was a forces love, I
thought o had to be with another band member. But after knowing you...my love
for you is natural, I fell for you since that time at Axels. Daria, I love
you.
Daria looks into Trent’s eyes, seeing that he means every word. She then
leans in closer to kiss Trent. Trent does the same thing. Finally their lips
meet. Trent wraps his arms around her while Daria does the same. Trent and
Daria position so Trent is on top of Daria, making out. After a while of
heavy duty making out they come up for air.
Daria: Wow!
Trent: yeah, wow. Was that your first kiss?
Daria: (blushes) yeah it was.
Trent: Daria I love you.
Daria: I love you too, Trent.
Trent leans in for another kiss when the door to the tank flies open. Trent
and Daria turn their heads to see Jane and Jesse they’re staring at them.
Daria notices that Jane is without her red jacket she ‘never’ takes off and
that her hair is messed up. Trent seed Jesse had his shirt backward and his
black leather vest-jacket is gone, and he had red lipstick mark all over his
face.
Jane: Hello you two. Didn’t mean to intrude on the little love fest.
Trent: Shut up Janey!
Jane: Gladly (Jane then kissed Jesse)

Scene Ten: On Stage. Mystic Spiral was setting up there things for the
beginning of the Battle of the Rock Bands. Trent was helping Daria tune her
guitar for the last time. Max and Nick were still arguing on who was more of
an idiot. And Jesse was hugging Jane. Trent then left Daria to talk to his
best friend.
Trent: Jesse, Janey. Stop. We are going to go on in ten minutes. Janey you
can’t be here.
Jesse: No fair. You get your girlfriend, why can’t I have mine? (Whining)
Trent: Because I said so!
With that Jesse and Jane kiss and then Jane leaves. Daria is pacing and
looking around to see that there are a lot of people out there. Daria wasn’t
scarred or even worried until she saw Monique. She was staring right at
Daria. Daria got a little freaked out. No one has ever hated her. Everyone
at school either disliked her or didn’t even know who she was, but no one at
school hated her. Trent saw the sparks between his past girlfriend and
present. He went over to Daria and hugged her.
Trent: Hon, calm down. Monique is a bitch. Just have fun and play.
Daria: (eyeing Trent) I know, I know. Just play.
Trent: no matter what happens, I will still love you. Even if you mess up
and disgrace Mystic Spiral forever...
Daria: (playfully hit Trent in the stomach) shut up! Not helping!
Trent: sorry (trying to look sorry)
Announcer: welcome back everyone to the Battle of the Rock Bands. Hope you
had a good break. Now for the second part we have Mystic Spiral, which
contains: Trent, Daria, Jesse, Max, and Nick. Go guys!
With that Trent kisses Daria on the forehead and stars to take his place.
The drums start to beat and then Jesse starts to play. Next Trent and Daria
strum their guitars and out comes Psychic Refugee. When the song is done
every one cheers. Monique claps faking. Daria can’t help but get pissed off.
She decides that she wants to show the bitch a thing or too. Daria quick
goes over to Trent.
Daria: Trent, can I sing a song?
Trent: are you sure you want to do that?
Daria: yes, please. You even said I sang great.
Trent: You do, but I guess...sure what song?
Daria pondered a moment and then whispered “I Feel So” (a song by Boxcar
Racer. Another favorite band of mine.)
Trent starts the song and the rest of the guys follow. Daria puts her guitar
down and grabs the microphone.
Daria: Thank you. I am a new addition to Mystic Spiral. And this song is
dedicated to Monique in Black Moth*. ‘Cause girl, get some damn anger
management!
Jane: What in the hell is Daria doing?
Monique: Bitch!
Then the band plays that song with Daria singing. Jane is in shock. Trent is
grinning like a mad man. Monique is pissed off as hell. When the band stops;
everyone yells and screams. The band gets off stage as another band gets on.
All the girls went right to Trent and Jesse. Daria was a little off-beat,
but then she met up  Jane. She tells Jane that the boys will meet them at
the Tank.
Jane: (Once alone with the guys and Daria) You guys were great! Jesse, the
best babe! Trent, you’re my brother alright. And Daria...where to start with
you.
Daria: what?
Jane: why didn’t you tell me you could sing like Pink?? That was almost
better than Trent.
Trent: Hey!! (Tries to look hurt)
Jane: What?
Jesse: I am hungry. (Stares from everyone)
Nick: You’re always hungry!
Max: I am hungry too.
Nick: That’s because you’re an idiot!
Trent: Dinner would be good.
Daria: Yeah, some pizza would do well.
Jane: I think I saw a Pizza Hut stand somewhere. Let’s go investigate.
Everyone: Okay.

Scene Eleven: It’s about 5 PM and Trent and Daria are sitting next to each
other eating Pizza. Jesse and Jane are out making out somewhere. Max and
Nick are asleep laying on the Pizza Hut stand. The announcer then goes on.
Announcer: People! Attention! Please! The judges have tallied up the scores
and we would like the lead member of each band to pick up their award. Which
will be a trophy and for first place a check. Now for Third place: Black
Moth*
Everyone cheered. Daria and Trent saw Monique go up and get the trophy.
Monique’s face is birth red with anger and she grabs the microphone.
Monique: Daria! Die, you little... (The security guards take her away.)
Daria couldn’t help but laugh.
Daria: Damn it, Third?!?
Trent: Shit, I knew she was bad, but third?
Daria: At least she got something.
Trent: Yeah
Announcer: Okay, now moving on. For second place: The Harpies
Cheers, yells, hoots.
Daria: Isn’t that the band Monique quite to be in Black Moth?
Trent: Yeah, that must really hurt that bitch.
Daria eyed Trent
Trent: not that I care or anything
Daria: yeah right
Announcer: And for first place. Mystic Spiral!
Trent: Did he... just say?
Daria: Yes! Now go up there.
Trent got up and went up on stage and got a gold trophy in the shape of a
guitar and a check for $250.
Announcer: Trent Lane, why don’t you say something to your fans?
Trent: I would just like to say thank you for loving us. And just that I
thank Daria. The best girlfriend in the world. I love you babe.
Trent then got off the stage. Girls started to surround him and grabbing at
his shirt. When he finally got back to Daria, three 25 year old girls were
hanging off him. Daria got upset and went to Trent.
Daria: Trent, darling. Who are you’re friends?
Trent: Just some women. (looks scarred. Thinks Daria is going to dump him) I
don’t want them hanging all over me.
Daria: Oh, (turns to the girls) listen here, you demented freaks. You get
your hands off my man or I will beat the shit out of you, like I would if
Barbie was real. Now back off, or... (Grabs the pizza slice that Trent was
eating...she then pushed it all over the girls shirts and face.) ...those pizza
sauce stains won’t be the only red you won’t get out.
The girls got the hint and ran off. Trent just laughed and kissed Daria.
Trent: Hon, I love you and everything, but I wasn’t don’t with my pizza.
Daria: Shut up you numbskull.
They the two sat back at the table and started to make out when some guy sat
right across from them. They stopped kissing and stared at him.
Guy: Are you Trent Lane?
Trent: Are you an undercover cop? (Panics)
Guy: No...
Trent: oh, then yeah, I am he.
Guy: I am Jimmy from Virgin Records, and we would love to sing Mystic Spiral
for a two-year contract.
Trent: Really? (Wide-eyed)
Jimmy: Yeah, your band was wonderful, and if you do well, the two-year
contract just might become a bit longer. Not to mention the fans with love
your young lady (looking at Daria). Her being the only girl in the band, and
dating the main singer...
Daria: Thanks but I am not in Mystic Spiral.
Jimmy: Your not?
Trent: Yes she is. Daria is my girlfriend, and she is in the band.
Jimmy: oh, good. Well, think about it and give me a call. Here’s my card.
Jimmy hand him his card and then walks off. Trent just looks at the card and
back to Daria. Then Daria starts to yell and jump up and then she kisses
Trent right on the lips! Unknowingly, Jane and Jesse came back from making
out.
Jane: Get a room!
Daria stops kissing Trent.
Trent: You should talk.
Jesse: what’s up?
Trent: We just got offered a two-year contract for Mystic Spiral for Virgin
Records!
Jesse: Really?
Jane: That is great. You’re going to take it right?
Daria: Of course he is!!
Trent: Damn straight!
Jane: Good
Jesse: I am happy and everything, but can we please go home. I am kinda
tired.
Trent: Yeah, sure. You guys go to the tank; I’ll wake up Max and Nick.

Scene Twelve: Lane’s house. Jane is asleep in her room and Daria and Trent
are asleep in Trent’s room. It’s about 1 in the morning when Trent gets up.
He is careful not to wake up Daria. He then creeps down stairs into the
basement and starts to strum his guitar. About 15 minutes later Daria wakes
up and realized Trent isn’t there. She goes searching for him to fine Trent
sitting on the couch in the basement playing his guitar.
Daria: Trent?
Trent turns to see Daria. He motions for her to come by him. She goes and
sits next to him.
Trent: Did I wake you? I didn’t mean to.
Daria: No, I just woke up. Is something wrong?
Trent: No...well, yes.
Daria: Tell me please. (Leans head on Trent’s shoulder)
Trent: It’s just, we finally made it. Mystic Spiral is going to be a hit. We
have a contract and this is what we have been working for.
Daria: First off all, it’s a two-year contract, but anyway what’s the
problem?
Trent: I feel so...confused and empty. I mean we have done our dream, now
what?
Daria: SO...you think you have no dreams anymore?
Trent: yeah, I guess.
Daria leans up and kisses Trent.
Daria: you are missing the whole point. Now you can make new dreams, and
give others your dreams. I mean, just because you have a contract doesn’t
mean anything. I don’t want to sound bad about it. I mean, first you have to
make a record, and then hope for a big hit, then finally go to an award show
and get the Best New Rock Band award. And just maybe go in TRL and kick
Carson’s Daily butt, just for me.
Trent just stares at Daria. He has a dreamy and thoughtful look in his eyes.
Trent: You are really a brain, Daria. You know that?
Daria: Yeah, that’s what I am. A brain. (no emotion in that at all)
Trent: You’re my brain. And I love you for it. You really are the coolest
high schooler I know.
Daria: Thanks. Don’t worry, you’re mess up sooner or later and then you’ll
get on Behind The Music in VH1. They will talk about how you lost all fame
and money, and how you were a One-Hit Wonder Bad. Then they will talk about
how you were a wonderful singer and guitar player, and how we got divorced
and then I got crazy and killed you in my sleep because you dated Monique
again.
Trent: I love you.
Daria: I love you too Trent.
Then the two kiss and the Pic fades.



Thanks.


kelly
