Daria In  Beach Bum-er
By Pat Leland(Isuckatlax@aol.com)
Send comments


(Cut To Daria's House, Daria's room. She and Jane are sitting and  watching
TV)

TV: Cocaine and cookies, druggie soccer moms next on Sick, Sad World.

(Cut to Kitchen, Helen and Eric, split screen)

Helen:(Mid-conversation) I know it is an a family important cause but I have
here in Lawndale, Eric

Eric:Well bring them along

Helen:wel it would be nice but I dont think I can afford it.

Eric:All expensense paid

Helen:Well, we could use a nice family vaction

Eric:Helen, you could make partner for this

Helen:Well goodbye

Eric:goodbye

Helen:Dreamily:Vitale,Davis,Horowitz,Riordan,Schrecter,Schrecter,Schrecter and
Morgendorffer Attorneys at law

(cut back to Daria's room)

Daria:Nooooooooo

Jane:What I know druggie soccer moms scare me too

Daria: No not that I just got this feeling something horrible was about to
happpen

Helen:(Offscreen) Girls come down here, please

(Cut to: Kitchen Daria, Jane, Quinn, Helen, and Jake are present)

Quinn:(On Phone) So I said Blue green, not green blue

Helen: Quinn, please

Quinn: I have to go to go, Sandi

Helen: Girls, I have some great news

Daria:(deadpan) Jane, help for the love of-

Helen:Daria!!!, Now as I was saying I have a case in Ocean City, Md and I
thought what a great chance for a family vaction

Daria:Or euthanasia

Helen:(Nodding towards Jane) and it would be OK if you took a friend

Quinn:Her, but I'm the attractive and popular and plus it would its
embarrassing enough just with Daria and with her little friend it would be
*Horrible*

Helen: Quinn, please you can take a friend too

Quinn:Well I guess Ill take Sandi..

Helen:Fine as long as don't have to deal with that bitch, Linda

(Cut to Lane House, Trent, Jane and Daria present)

Jane: Trent, wake up!!!!

Trent: Huh, I was listening Mr.Dimartino

Jane:TRENT!!!!!

Trent: Hey Janey, Daria

Daria:(looking down) um, hey

Jane: Trent, I'm going to the beach with Daria

Trent: ok see ya later

Jane: In Maryland

Trent:Ok see ya later

Jane:And Daria and I are going to elope

Trent :Ok, see ya later

(Exit Daria and Jane)

(Cut to:Daria's house, Kitchen,  Sandi and Linda have arrived and well Linda
and Helen are mid argument as usual

Linda: Well Helen it is so brave to go to the beach

Helen:What you mean Linda?

Linda:Well, you know how Women your age look in bathing suits

Helen:Well I've heard it gets worst after forty-five, is that true, Linda?

Linda:(fuming) well Helen that's not half as bad as child birth at that age
(signifies Quinn)

Helen:(fuming as well) well we have to get going nice you seeing you Linda

Linda: Goodbye, Helen

(Helen stroms out)

Sandi:Quinn what are your cousin and her little friend doing here

Quinn:(Nervous) Well you know she hasn't been on family vaction in years not
having one of her own and all

Daria:(Irriated) Quinn you know as well as I do that

Quinn: Sandi, let's go "House of Style is on

Sandi: Like, OK do have any no-salt no oil no butter popcorn

Daria:I heard that was fatening

Sandi: Oh No!!!!!

Quinn:Really?

Daria: Yep, us brains know these things

Sandi: Like, I can already see the efects of it of it on you, Quinn

Quinn: Oh, No!!!!!

(Quinn runs off screen followed by Sandi. Daria and Jane smirk)

(Cut to Daria's room, 6:30am)

Helen: Girls, wake up buffet

Daria: Come back in the morning

Helen: It *is* morning

Daria: In this time zone

Helen: Yes we have to leave

Daria: Where is the beach going? Does it have a doctors appointment

Helen: No, But I have a court appointment

(Enter Jake)'s time to go to the beach

Jake: Come on, kiddo it's time to go the beach

Daria: Dad, I don't think I can get up you know hangover

Jake:(Shocked, scared) Helen did you hear that

Helen:She's kidding, Jake

(Cut to driveway the entire group is present)

(Airport van pulls, the driver is a large man wearing a old T-Shirt, and
ragged Jeans)

Driver:Hi my name is biff and-

Daria: ( Thought voice over) had six bean burritos for brakfast

Biff;(finishing) will be your driver this moring

(Biff starts to load the Morgendorfer's luggauge in the trunk

Sandi & Quinn:Wait there are more bags

(Each hand Biff two suitcases)

Helen:Girls, You already have two bags each

Quinn:M-oom!! Thats just just chlothes what about accessiorys

Jane:Moron Barbie coming soon to a store near you

(Cut to inside the van, Quinn and Sandi get their first look at biff)

Quinn & Sandi: Ewwwwwwww!!!

Sandi:Don't you know jean with holes in them are out

Quinn: That is sooooo eighties

(Biff, Jane and Daria roll their eyes)

Biff:Keep it down back there

(Cut to Airport, Quinn and Sandi are arguing with an attendant)

Quinn:What do you mean one carry on each??

Sandi: what if our makeup runs during flight?

(The argument goes on pointlessily)

(cut to midflight, while an attendent goes through with the food)

Daria:Its time to play name that food

Jane: Is it chicken or steak?

Daria:Or some kind of steaken?

Pliot's voice:We are coming for a landing at ocean city

Daria:(Deadpan) Whopee

Jane:(Same tone, singing) "Im so excited and I just cant hide it i think im
going to lose control and I think I like it"

(They come into a very small airport with no real stores, over looking a
beutiful scene of water)

(Cut to where the Morgendorfers are staying, It has a beach front view and
three fllors with balcony)

Quinn:But we cant sleep in the room with the balcony the wind could mess up my
hair

Sandi:I really don't think it would make much diffrence Quinn, on you anyway

Quinn:(Not picking up Sandi's hidden meaning) Thanks, Sandi

(Daria and Jane go to their room and set up)

(Cut to breakfast table where Jake is sitting reading his paper, Helen rushes
through with breif cases)

Helen:Gotta go Jake, love ya

(Daria comes downstairs followed by Jane)

Jake: Hi, Kiddo

Daria: Hi, Dad

(Daria sits down and fools with the remote control and the Familar SSW eye
appears

TV: Turtles what do they do under that shell, Shelled Secrets Next On Sick
World

(Cut to Quinn and Sandi's room they are both sitting on the edge of the beds)

Sandi:Quinn, I was thinking if your cousin, or whatever is going to be
following with her little friemd or whatever.I think we should at least make
them presentable i mean they are crawling with Fashion don'ts

Quinn:I don't know, Sandi, I mean why should we help a bunch a losers

Sandi:As President of the fashion club, I think we should be Fashion news
makers not just a fashion news reader.Now there must someplace to buy clothes
around here

(A front of a store, typical beachtown shop)

(Inside Quinn is holding a pair platform jellies)

Quinn:Oh, Daria do these fit you?

(Cut to:Daria she is looking a shirt that says if you don't like my attitude
quit talking to me)

(A montage starts up with Geri Halewells look at my in the backround)

(Quinn holding a tank top and some Khackis and chasing Daria)

(Daria sitting in a dressing room reading "Lord of the flies" with chlothes
sitting next to her)

(Quinn and Sandi extending credits cards to salespeople)

(Quinn and Sandi holding bags chasding Daria and Jane)

(Music stops abrutly as Daria and Jane turn the corner away from Quinn and
Sandi)

(Cut to Morgendorfer beach house Daria comes in painting while Jane is not
bothered by the run)

(Cut to beach fiften minutes later, Quinn and Sandi are covering themseleves
with SPF 50 sun block.)

Daria:Hey Quinn panama Jack called he said the you are causing a shortage)

Quinn:Jack is here!!??, dont tell me Jeffy and Joey are with him]

Daria:Thats Jamie not Jack

Quinn:(Annoyed) whatever..

(Two young children run by and into the water)

Jane:Is that who I think it is?

Daria:Jane, you know what we talked about we can not see your day dreams

Jane:No, I think that was Adrain and Courtney

Daria: Summer's kids?

Jane:two of many

(a dog runs by and joins the kids)

Courtney: Good boy

Lifegaurd:(offscreen) No dogs on the beach

Adrain:Damn

(They take the dog and walk off the beach by Jane)

Jane:It is them!! (Yelling) Adrain, Countrney

Adrain:Aunt Jane!!!!

(Jane runs up and hugs Adrain and courtney)

Jane: What are you two doing here?

(The Lifegaurd approaches with an animal control office and a cop)

Cop:i'm Officer john Briener and this is annimal control officer, Sam Davison

Jane:Hello, Officers

John:Mam, are these your children

Jane:These are my neice and nephew

John:Are you their legal guardian?

Jane:(worried) Why do you ask

John:Social services matter, miss?

Jane: Lane, Jane Lane

Daria:(entering from offscreen)  International Secret agent

John:And you are

Daria:Agent Daria Morgendorfer reporting

John:Funny, real funny

Daria:I'll be right back

(Cut to: Beach house, Daria and Helen, obvously just back from court)

Daria:Mom, I need your help

Helen:(Worried) What is it sweetie

Daria:Well Jane's neice and nephew ran away again

Helen:Again?

Daria:Later, mom later, anyway social services is going to take them unless we
can convince them that Jane can take care of them

Helen: I have had cases like this many times

(Cut to beach, Daria, Jane, Adrian,Courtney,Sam, John and Helen present)

Helen:(Midsentence) Well no.. but there mother has trusted this young woman
with her children before

Sam:Well, I would still like to check this out with social services..

Helen: Well why not aviod a big court battle which if i say so myself you
would lose and just gibe us the kids now and save everyone alot of trouble.

John:(Intimated) Well okay mam

Sam:There will still be the matter of the fine for the dog

(Helen glares at Sam)

Sam:Lets just call this a warning

(Sam and John rush to their respective cars)

Jane:Thank you, Mrs.Morgendorfer

Helen:Your Welcome

Jane: (To Adrain and courtney) ehh-em

Adrain:Thank you, Mrs. Morgemdolfer

Courtney: Yea, thanks Mrs.Mogedmofler

Helen:(annoyed) It's Morgendorfer

Jane:Yo, Daria can I talk to you for a sec

(Daria and Jane exit)

(Cut to:Daria and Jane off screen)

Jane:Hey Daria, I kinda have to keep track of Adrian and Courtney, until I can
get them back with Summer at least for a few days

Daria:And?

Jane:Well, I was hoping you could ask Helen if they could stay with us for a
little bit

Daria:Well I can try

(Cut to Daria and Helen mid-conversation)

Helen:Well, I don't know what about the dog

Daria:He can sleep out back

Helen: How long until there mother comes?

Daria: I don't know

Helen:Well, just for tonight

Daria: Thank you, oh Shamun i will build many temptels in your honor

(Cut to Beach house Jane and Daria's room, Present Jane,Daria, Quinn,
Sandi,Adrian and Courtney, Courtney is running from Quinn and Sandi who are
trying to make her over)

Quinn:(chasing Courtney) Come on, just a little lipstick and blush

Jane:Whoa there... Adrian, Courtney its time to blast off to sleepy land

Daria:Yeah, if you don't want the Fashion Monster to get you(Signifies)

Adrian:Goodnight, Aunt Jane

Courtney: Yea, goodnight

Daria:I like those kids

(Cut to Daria's room, Quinn, Daria, Jane, Adrian and Courtney present, Jane is
painting a painting of Helen as Satan with her pitchhfork leaning over John
and Sam in the Infernos of hell, and Quinn is braiding a reluctant Courtney's
hair

Daria:More fear in the eyes

Quinn:Well I had five guys ask me out on the beach and the guy in blue-white
bathing suit was cuter than the one in board shorts, but board shorts are sooo
much more in style so obviously he's is in top two and the first guy just
barely misses the cut.The third guy was really cute but he drove A Honda and
it was even a covertible!!

(Enter Sandi in a nightgown)

Sandi:Ewwwwwwwww, even with the risk of convertible hair, a non-convertible
honda is at the bottow of the dating chain right above a (shudder) a yugo

(Cut to:Helen and Jakes rrom suddenly the song the Entertainer starts to play
and Jake is awoken, he runs to the balcony and see the culprit the good humor
truck the man gets out and rings a bell)

Jake:Gah Dammit!!!!!!! Some people are trying to slep you Moron!!!

(Everyone turns to look at Jake)

Helen:(Just waking up you can telll in her voice, offscreen) Jakey, honey
heart remember what the doctor said

(Everyone else in the house runs into see if Jake is ok)

Daria:Dad are you ok

Jake:Fine, honey, fine oh and good moring kiddo

Daria:Moring Dad

Helen:Kids, I have the morning away for court today so I thought we could go
and eat breakfast together

Daria: (Running to balcony) Jump, Jane Jump

(Cut to car, everyone is present, Quinn whispers something to Sandi and they
both light up)

Quinn:(Estatic) It's a sign from above

(Everyone looks up and sees a sign that says outlet shopping three miles left)

Daria:(Deadpan) That your going down below

Quinn:LOOK A CASHMANS' OUTLETS

(The holaylooya(I dont know how to spell it) chrous starts playing)

Helen:Now, Quinn we are here to eat

Jake:Hey look the resteraunt is right next to the outlets

(It is a small bufett style resteraunt style restruant everyone returns with a
good amount of food except for Quinn and Sandi who have just a few pieces of
fruit)

Helen:(Taking some of Jake's bacon and replacing it with fruit) Here try some
of this

Jake:Oh, man

Quinn:I'm done, mom I'll be shopping

Sandi:Yea, me too

Quinn: (Taking Helen's Gold Card) Bye Love you

(10 minutes later everyone is finishing up except for Adrain and Courtney who
have been playing with their food)

Helen:Well we better go shop to

Daria:Welcome to Hell (raising hand) You must be this Tall to ride

(Jane holds Adrian and Courtney's hands as they cross the street)

(Cut to Ext. Shot of huge three floor Cashman's outlet)

(Cut to Int. Shot of Cashman's Outlet Quinn  is following around a saleswoman)

Quinn:(picking up shorts) Me

Quinn:(Pink Tank top) Me

(She then picks up two shorts a pair of bellbottoms two tank tops a tube top a
pair of Sandals and three bathing suits following each with a me)

(Cut to:Daria and Jane walking around you can see Courtney and Adrain in
backround throwing toys at each other at a "Toy's 4 all" outlet)

Daria:(Points) Look yonder

(Over where Daria was pointing there is a "Book Warehouse" Outlet)

Jane:(Looking up and Yelling) THANK YOU!!!!!!!!!!

(Daria and Jane enter Jane preceeds to the art section while Daria head's to
check out the best sellers

(Cut to: Helen and Jake walking Hand and Hand along the outlets)

Helen:Look Jake, a Fila outlet i can get a new speed walking suit

Jake:(Tired) Ok, honey (he pulls at his paper, takes the comics out and starts
reading)

Jake:Oh Garfield(Chuckles) What will you eat next?

(Cut to:  Ext."Toys 4 all" outlet)

Salesperson: Can't you read?

Adrian: No, not really I'm only 9 and I've been running away from since I was
5

Salesperson:(Mad) Well it says DO NOT TOUCH!!!!!

(Courtney throws a small Teletubbie at Adrian)

Adrain:Ouch!!!

(The salesperson stares down Adrain and Courtney)

(Cut to: Street outside "Toys 4 all", Daria and Jane walk by as the sales
person grabs Adrain and Courtney and throws them into the curb)

Salesperson:And stay out!!!

Jane: What did you two do now?

Courtney:Later, Aunt Jane, Later

(Cut to: Helen and Jake, Helen is "speedwalking" and Jake is Plan old walking)

(Jane,Daria Adrain and Courtney enter stage right)

Daria:(sarcastic huffing and puffing) Mom, slow down

Helen:Well, Jane I guess we will bw taking the same speed walking track again,
huh?

(Jane Stares at Jake, who gets uncomfartable)

(Cut to Quinn and Sandi who are finnally done and check out Quinn using
Helen's Gold Card)

(Cut to street where they are all together again)

Daria:You know mom, I saw a book I wanted early well good,

Helen:Quinn can you give me my credit card?

Quinn: Sure mom

(Quinn hands Helen her credit card and Helen and Daria head off to "Book
Warehouse")

(Cut to: book warehouse Helen is line with Daria and she holds the cahier her
card)

Cashier: I'm sorry miss... Morgedofler but this card is maxed out

Helen:WHAT!!! ARE YOU SURE!!!! AND IT"S MORGENDORFER YOU ASS

(Everyone in the store turns and looks at Helen)

Helen:Um, Sorry (She grabs Daria's hand and runs from the store)

(Helen runs and grabs Quinn and heads for the car and everyone follows, Helen
and Quinn finnally reach the car and Helen get started

Helen:(P'oed) QUINN WHAT THE *HELL* IS WRONG WITH YOU MAXING OUT MY CREDIT
CARD!!

(Helen who missed that the car windows where open see's everyone look at her)

Quinn:(softly) Sorry, mom the limit is hard on all of us, I could only get
*two* pairs of Sandals

Helen:THATS IT YOU WILL BE IN *SOOOO* MUCH TROUBLE WHEN WE GET
HOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

(Everyone turns again to look at Helen)

Helen:WHAT!?!?!?!?!?!?!?

(The drive home is completely quiet, accually now one speaks until Helen
leaves for court )

Jake:Hey Kids look they have a boardwalk with *rides*

Daria:(rolls her eyes)thats great dad, Just great

(Cut to:Adrian and Courtney, they are playing frisbee with the fine China)

(Jane stops them and goes to call Summer)

(Split screen Jane and an unidenifed male)

Guy:Hello

Jane:Uh,Hi can I speak to Summer

Guy:This is?

Jane:Her sister, Jane

Guy, I'm her new husband, Hank

Jane:(Under her breath) Summer:3 Wind:5

Hank:Huh, I well here's summer

(Hanks picture is now replaced with a shot of Summer)

Summer:Jane, will this be quick I have to go look for the kids?

Jane:which ones?

Summer:Well, yesterday I looked for the other two yesterday so It's Adrian and
Courtney

Jane:*I* have Adrain and Courtney

Summer:Great I'll be in Lawndale in the morning

Jane:Im in Maryland In Ocean City 70th street

Summer:Well, I was wondering why they ran away with their swim suits

Summer:So, How is everyone?

Jane:Well Mom is trying to Free Tibet again

Summer:ah

Jane: And wind meet a new wife at Woodstock '99

Summer:The summer of love is here again

Jane:After the volcano Penny moved to Columbia, filling the need for Woodstock

Summer: And Dad?

Jane:For once he's with Mom

Summer:And you?

Jane:I'm at beach with my friend, Daria

Summer:And Trent

Jane:Asleep probably

Summer:well see you tommorow, Jane

Jane:and Summer bring the van they brought the dog

Summer:Ok, Bye

Summer:Accually could I talk to the kids before I go

Jane:Sure, Adrian Phone

(Split screen Summer and Adrian)

Summer:What the *Hell* was going through your head when you ran away?

Adrain:God, mom the same thing that went through my head the last 17 times I
ran away

Summer:Oh yeah,Well you are sooo ground

Adrain:Doesn't Grandma have a thing about that like if you kill a butterfly
and it comes back to life you can keep or something

(Courtney takes the phone from Adrain)

(Split screen Summer and Courtney)

Courtney:Man, mom chill out we where going to be home for Thanksgiving, or
Christmas or New Years or atleast Easter

Summer:Honney,  your new Dad is Jewish so thats passo-

Courtney:(Hangs up on summer) Aunt Jane, I'm done

Jake:(Happy)Well kids its time for the Boardwalk

Daria:Huh?

Quinn:But Daa-d rides make me sick

Daria:Yea Dad, and throwing up is a *big* Fashion don't

Sandi:Quinn, we are making big progress on your cousin or whatever

(Cut to Boardwalk Parking lot)

(Jake is inserting quaters into a parking meter)

Jake:Well, it's just me and my girls(Hugs Quinn and Daria) Oh and their
friends and one of the friend's neice and nephew

Daria:Yep,dad just the seven of us

(They then decide to split up into groups and everyone goes their own way)

(Cut to: Ext. "Funland Arcade" Jane is hunched over a pinball machine while
Daria sees something that seems to interest elsewhere

Daria:Is that you, Ted? What are you doing here

Ted:Oh hi, Daria This where they premired the new virtual reality machine then
i saw this machine look you can win Gum, Gum!!!

Daria:That's great, Ted

Ted:Do you want some gum

(Cut to Jake: I had enough gum jokes for a while, He is in a wax museum
looking at statues)

Jake:Look, Marmaduke(as Jake runs over you see two children running around)

(Cut to:Adrian and Courtney)

Adrain:Look a horsey(Adrain mounts a horse and Courtney does the same)

Courtney:(points) look at that funny looking one

(Cut to: Where Courtney was pointing, There is a secuity guard starring at the
two of them)

(Cut to:Ext. "Beach Bang", a trendy beach shop, Sandi has a huge pile of
clothes while Quinn is mooping around behind her, she is banned from shopping
from Helen, she lights up when she sees a guy looking at her and she walks
over to him

Quinn:Hi, I'm Quinn

Guy:Hi, Im Gary, Say Quinn is it so friends of mine are  going to play laser
tag later would you like to come

Quinn:(Goes in for the kill) well, I would but I just can't be seen in this
old thing you know if only(Sigh) I wasn't broke

(Cut to:15 minutes later at the same place as Gary pays for Quinn's Stuff)

Quinn:Ok see ya later, Terry

Gary:It's Gary

Quinn:Whatever

(Enter Daria and Jane)

Daria: Quinn, Dad said its time to go to the rides

Gary:Quinn is that your sister

Quinn:Her, god no this is our maid(To Daria) No, run along Roselyn and tell
father that I will be playing Laser tag with Larry here to Night

Gary:Gary,  Quinn, Gary

Quinn:(a little P'oed) Ok, Gary here now run along Roselyn

(Exit:Daria and her silent partner, Jane)

(Cut to: "Tharsher's Fries", this where Daria and Jake have agreed to meet)

Jake:Ok Kiddo, I got these *awesome* ride tickets so lets go, girlfriend

Daria:Dad, what hell did just you just say

Jake:Nothing, girlfriend now lets go

Daria:Did you just call me, girlfriend

Jake:Yea, it's hip

Daria:Dad, just promise you will never say that ever again

Jake:Sure, Hon(Grumbling) It worked for that Dr.Evil, guy

(Cut to: Laser tag place, Quinn, Sandi, Gary and a unidenifed group people
walk by and so Do Daria,Jane, Jake and the security guard from earlier
ushering Adrian and Courtney out but this goes unnoicticed from the time
being)

Quinn:(Approaches Jake) Father, I hope Roselyn informed your that I will be
playing laser tag with Perry Here Tonight

Jake:(Not paying attention)

Gary(A hint of annoyance in his voice) Gary, Quinn

Quinn:*Whatever*

(Quinn walks off, with Gary and co.)

Daria:(Really mad at Quinn) Would Madam please kiss my ass( A chessy light
buld appears  above Daria's head) Uh, Dad can we play Laser tag

Jake:Sure, Girlfriend

Daria:Ahh!!!

(They enter into a room for instuction, they players we saw earlier plus Ted
and Robert(from the New Kid, Jane and Daria go and sit next Ted and Robert)

Ted: Hi Daria, Jane Gum?

Robert:Yea hi Darcy

Daria:Daria

(The instuructor starts to carry on and they start the game they are suited up
and divied up in two teams Team 1:Daria, Jane, Jake, Ted, Robert and Sandi
Team 2: Gary, Quinn, and gary friends, Larry, Terry, Perry and Barrey,they
divide up go through seperate doors marked 1 and two)

Cut to: Jane and Daria, Daria is searching for Quinn and Jane is sneeking
around(Think secret agent alter ego from the credits)

(The Mission Impossible theme song starts in the backround)

(Laser beams shoot across and one hits Jane, how starts to shoot back but
nothing happens and Daria hits Terry in the chest thrice and he runs back
Daria and Jane run after him and Daria sees Quinn and Sandi talking

Quinn:So, then she says that gray-blue is the current neural

Sandi:Well just one more reason to keep the Fashion exculusive

(Barry runs by and knocks over Quinn)

Quinn:Excuse Me!!!!!!!

(Cut to Barry:He is a bit overwieght and has brown hair and is wearing  a Nike
T-shirt and shorts)

(Daria runs up past Gary and back by Quinn and Sandi)

Quinn:(Shooting her gun)Hey your trying to get to our base!!

Daria:(Shooting back and Would of gotten away with it too, if it wasn't for
you pesky Kids

Sandi:Quinn what is your cousin talking about

Daria:(Firing off a last shoot) and your puppy too

(Jane and the rest of Team 1 join Daria at the base and Gary is standing gaurd
he fires twice and runs down the ramp and hits Quinns pretty hard she falls
down the ramp and the screen goes blank)

(Cut to: fuzzy view of the group minus Adrian and Courtney)

Helen:Hi Quinn, you were out for a while, honey how are you feeling?

Sandi:Hi Quinn are you Ok or whatever?

Quinn:(Moans) Uh, what happened

Helen:Well, honey you took quite a fall at laser

Quinn:That stupid Barry or Perry or Terry or Larry or Gary, Well it was one of
them

Helen:Well that's ok dear you took a big fall, also I've also got some bad
news because of Quinn's fall we will be heading back Lawndale

(Cut to: Beach House, Summer present)

Summer: Adrain, Courtney? DAMMIT!!!!!!!!!!!!



Epilougue: Adrain and Courtney seem to be at large but Wind and his new wife
think they may have spotted them in New York..Quinn recovered from her fall
pretty quickly.Jake finally coniviced Helen to get a new speed walking
route.Speaking of Helen she won her case but did not make partner, yet.Garry
is still getting confused with his friends:Terry,Larry,Barry and of course
Perry.Trent slept most of the story and most the time after they got back.



Author's notes

Well this 'fic was alot or fun, I am an Ocean City Expert I've been going
there since I was three.With the lack of show characters in this I had to make
up alot of my own for bit parts and some farely large ones, such as Sam and
John.The hardest part of this story was writing Adrain and Courtney with only
five lines on the show and two letters in "The Daria Diaries" I had little to
go by, If you read this tell me how close I got.I went with the out of control
kids that played with pottery whell in "Lane Miserabes" and I bit of the
rudeness from the Daria Diaries.( I.E. Tell Mom to chillout will be home for
some holiday or something)Ok also if  the maxing out the credit card stuff
didn't make sense  its to set up my next story "Job Hunted".The
Barry-Gary-Terry-Larry-Perry joke was my homage to the show "Wings" when a
construction working named Larry is called most of the names here, but i added
a bit.Well thats about it.

Send all comments to Isuckatlax@aol.com

Beach Bum-mer is copyright 1999 by Patrick Leland

Daria Is copyright 1999 by Mtv a division of Viacom Inc. Wings is copyright
199-something Nbc, Inc. I am property of Me, Inc.

Nike, Thrasers, Honda Mission Impossible, Fila, and any other trademarks I
used are property of their respective compainies.There is really no point in
suing me I'm just a 14 year old High School Freshman.Thanks to the people of
Ocean City, Md for their cooperation in the production of he Fanfic

See Ya
