Blind Date

By Ana Sturtz  

La La LA La La
Daria in “Blind Date”
Written by Ana Sturtz ana_sturtz@email.com

Scene Number One
SpLiT sCrEeN Daria and Jane on the phone

Jane: So, I set you up with a blind date.

Daria: What?!?!?!?

Jane: His name is Mike {There Tony you got to be Mike.}. He’s kind of fat {Sorry Tony} 
and he wears glasses. He likes Sick Sad World and hates school. He’s taking you to see 
I Still Know What You Did Last Summer. 

Daria: I hate horror movies.

Jane: You’ll like this one. I went to it with Trent. It’s freaky. Remember when you 
watched the first one at my house?

Daria: No. 

Jane: Well, anyway, he’s going to pick you up at seven tonight. We better pick out what 
you’re going to wear.

Daria: What’s wrong with what I’m wearing?

Jane: I don’t know what you’re wearing.

Daria: (In PJs) sigh Come on over.

Scene Number Dos
Daria’s Room
Jane is searching through Daria’s closet. Daria is sitting on the bed, staring into space.

Jane: I think you’re going to have to borrow something from Quinn.

Daria: Don’t even go there. Not Quinn’s clothes.

Jane: Be right back.

(Jane dashes out, then in a second is right back with a dress on a hanger. It is a 
black tank dress with a short sleeved black and white striped minijacket.)

Daria: All right. I’ll wear it. Are you sure you got that in Quinn’s closet?

Jane: No. (Grins wickedly, then stops)

Daria: You’re not going to take my boots away, are you?

Jane: Nope.

(Daria goes behind the closet door to change. She comes out wearing the dress and her boots.)

Jane: Now for makeup. 

Daria: Oh no you don’t. I draw the line at the dress. No makeup.

Jane: Just lipstick. Please?

Daria: Just lipstick.

Scene Number Three
The Morgendorffer kitchen
Daria and Jane are sitting at the table. Quinn comes in.

Quinn: What are you wearing? Looks like something out of my closet. It looks good on you, 
Daria. Why are you wearing it, though?

Jane: Blind date. 

Quinn: With whom?

Jane: You wouldn’t know him. Hopefully.

Quinn: Well, if you’re going on a date, what you’re wearing depends on where you’re going. 

Daria: Movie.

Quinn: Then you should settle for some nice jeans and a nice shirt. Be right back!

(Quinn returns with a pair of flare jeans and a tye-dyed baby tee with butterflies and 
ladybugs. The flares have a white-black-white strip down the side.)

Quinn: Try these on.

(Daria puts them on. Quinn looks, clucks her tongue, and leaves. She returns with a plain 
red baby tee and motions for Daria to try it on. She does. Quinn nods with approval.)

Daria: This isn’t so bad. 

(Close up of the clock. Says 6:59. Becomes 7:00. The doorbell rings.)

Daria: I’ll get it.

Quinn: Ah ah ah, shoes? No way you’re wearing those boots. Here wear these. We’re only a size 
apart.

Daria puts on the clunky brown shoes.

Jane opens the door. There stands a stocky boy with curly blackish hair wearing clothes like 
Mack’s. 

Jane: Hey Mike, how’s it going? 

Mike: Good. Where’s Daria?

Jane: Right here.

Daria: I’m Daria. 

Mike: Mike.

(They leave.)

Scene Number Four 
In Mike’s car
Barenaked Ladies’ “One Week” is playing on the car radio. Daria is sitting in the passenger 
seat. Mike is driving. 

(They get to the theater. They get out and go in.)

Cut to: In the theater
A movie poster for I Still Know What You Did Last Summer was on the wall. M & D walk up to the 
ticket counter.

Mike: Two for I Still Know, please.

(Mike hands the guy a ten, a one, and two quarters. The ticket guy gives Mike a ticket stub 
and Daria a ticket stub.

Mike: Want something to eat? 

Daria: Coke and buttered popcorn is fine for me.

Mike: (To candy counter girl) Two large Cokes and one large buttered popcorn. And, one package 
of Junior Mints. (to D) Want any candy?

Daria: Sure. Umm, Sour Patch Kids.

Mike: There. 2 large Cokes, one large buttered popcorn, one Junior Mints, and one Sour Patch 
Kids. 

Candy counter girl: Six bucks fifty cents.

(Mike hands her the money and takes the food, which has been placed in a cardboard tray. They 
walk into the theater.)

Scene Number Five
In front of the Morgendorffer house. Mike drops Daria off, giving her a little pack on the 
lips as she gets out. {Ooh la la!} 

Cut to: Inside the house

(Jane and Quinn are waiting for Daria to come home. She comes in and heads straight for her 
room, a somewhat dreamy look on her face. Jane and Quinn exchange looks, then follow her.

THE END
