                        Boxing Daria: Alternate Ending
                           By: Cruel Summer Nights

Daria and other related characters are property of MTV. I only made up
Kristen and James in this story. Don't sue me.

Description: What if Daria wasn't so lucky  in 'Boxing Daria'?

Scene one:
Daria is driving down the road right after hanging up with Mrs. Sloane.

The events came rushing back to her as she drove.

Flashback:
As Daria was crawling out of the box in her backyard Quinn comes bounding up
to her and Jane.
Quinn: Daria! I remembered! You were right! I remembered I was three or four
and it was nighttime and I woke up because Mom and Dad were fighting, and
then Dad was yelling and a door slammed and then I heard a car start up and
he drove away.
Daria: Thank you. I knew I wasn't imagining it. Do you remember what they
were fighting about?
Quinn: Um... yeah... they were fighting about you.
Daria hesitates for a moment, then crawls back into the box as Jane and Quinn
watch
End Flashback.
Daria shook her head clear as another flashback came
Flashback:
Daria is sitting on one couch in the living room while Helen and Jake are
sitting on another one.
Daria: When I was six years old, did you have a big fight about me?
Helen: Yes.
Jake: No! (pause) Yes.
Helen: I'd forgotten all about it. Quinn reminded us.
Daria:  Why were you fighting?
Helen:  Daria, you have to understand. We kept getting calls from the school.
You wouldn't talk to the other children. You wouldn't play with the other
children. We knew how smart you were. Talking to you was like talking to a
miniature adult. But you wouldn't engage with the other kids.
Daria: They didn't interest me.
Jake: That's what you said.
Helen: Your father was in a job he hated, with a really sadistic boss.
Jake: Lousy mini-Mussolini...
Helen: Jake!
Jake: Tense, Daria. I was very tense.
Helen: I was trying to resume a full-time workload and still raise two young
girls. We were all tense. Your problems at school were sort of the straw that
broke the camel's back. We had an argument, your father stormed off, spent
the night in a motel...
Jake: A crappy motel.
Helen: ... and the next day, we made up and carried on.
Daria: So I caused a big marital rift.
Jake: Not a rift, Daria.
Helen: We just happened to have an argument one night and you happened to be
the topic. Not the cause.
Daria pauses for a moment; then, without a word, she gets up and walks out
the door
End flashback
Daria was still trying to figure out her current situation and by the time
she notice the car that was swerving beside her it was too late.
We see a man that saw the accident pull over to the side of the road and he
taped on her window to get no response from her. He opened the door and
checked her pulse. It was there but it was weak. He saw her cell phone and
dialed 911.
Man: Hello? This is Officer James Johnson. I have a young lady here that was
in a car wreck. She looks around the age of 17. She has a pulse but it's
deadly weak. Her head is busted opened on her left temple. Her red SUV is on
Route 23. (Pause) Yes I need an ambulance Lance! Work with me here and GET it
here! (He hangs up the phone) (To Daria) I'm just going to look for some ID
okay?
He gets her wallet type thing out of her jacket pocket and gets her ID out.
He looks at the picture of Daria on the ID (Not her driver's license this is
a picture of her wearing a white shirt with her 'expressionless expression'.
Then he looks at Daria. The left side of her face is now covered in blood. He
sighed and looked at Daria's ID.
James: (Sighs) I didn't know that was my cousin-in-law. Too bad she's past
dead now. (A tear rolls down his cheek as he looks at his now dead cousin.)
I'll Tell Kristen about this Daria. I promise.
At the hospital Jane, Trent, Quinn, Helen, and Jake are all sitting in the
waiting room crying when to rushes in crying.
Tom: (Panicked) WHERE IS SHE?! WHERE'S DARIA?!
Jane get up and walks over to him and hugs him.
Jane: (Whispering in his ear.) I'm so sorry Tom. But she died. I know how
much you loved her.  (Starts crying terribly again) All of us did. She was my
best friend since our sophomore year. We knew everything about each other and
(Sobs) I wish she were still here. (Looks him square in the face, no longer
whispering) I will never have a friend as good as she was.
Jane runs out of the room in tears with Trent following her.
Lawndale High School auditorium on Monday.
Miss Li is standing at the podium.
Li: When I got the news that Miss Daria Morgendorffer died over the weekend.
I thought, 'Who would be the best person to give the speech on Monday. So I
call Miss Jane Lane who had wrote a  poem the day after Daria died and found
one of Miss Morgendorffer's self portraits that will be on display at her
funeral. Miss Lane. If you would please come on the stage and present us with
the speech and the poem you wrote.
Jane walked onto the stage and stood behind the podium.
Jane: I wouldn't be doing this unless it was for my brother or my best friend
that was like a sister to me died. Well my friend died so I'm doing this for
her. I was in disbelief when I heard that my friend died on Saturday night. I
cried myself to sleep last night and I couldn't sleep Saturday night so I
wrote this poem that I would like to share with you today.
Poem begins:
She saw all the pain and suffering in this world
And at times she was dragged into it
She almost got killed by people who didn't like how she dressed
And how she acted in Highland
She said no one would miss her
If the Mafia had succeeded in killing her here or there
But her boyfriend cried for the longest time just like me
and her little sister Quinn Morgendorffer wouldn't leave her room
Quinn knew she was being terrible to her sister
But she loved her and Daria loved her sister very greatly as well
Know Daria is in God's house and I wonder how beautiful his house is
And his garden is because he only takes the best of us
So Because he took Daria
His garden must be the most radiant garden anywhere
End poem
Jane: Her suffering ended on Friday March 14, 2002 on 8:13 PM eastern
Standard Time. She was a great friend and I'm sure we will all miss her
greatly. Thank you.
Jane walks off the stage with tears rolling down her face. She sits down next
to Jodie.
Jodie: Great speech Jane. Is Daria's funeral open to the people at the school?
Jane: From what information I got from Helen it is.
Jodie: Me and Mack will be there.
Jane: Okay. She'd like that. She really considered you and Mack as good
friends. You two were there for her as muck as I have been. She held you two
in high standards.
At Daria's funeral.
Daria's funeral is held in Johnson Funeral home.
Everyone is dressed as they usually are. There is a portrait Daria with her
head placed on her hand which is propped up on her elbow. She is in a library
reading a book at a table with two stacks of books on each side of her.
There wasn't a cloud in the sky on that day.
End.
Sorry I couldn't Fit Kristen in at the funeral but I was going to have her as
Daria's cousin. Amy's twenty year old daughter. I won't put my E-mail address
on here because I don't like ppl I don't know having my screen name. And I
know it's not that good but I'm new at this okay?
