BRAINWASHED

My third fan fiction.

Daria gets a make over and performs a make over herself.

By Wouter Jaegers  wo.jaegers@planet.nl

The Lane residence , an early afternoon.

Trent and the rest of Mystic spiral enter the basement and start tuning up
their instruments.

Nick: Hey Trent do you have any spare strings left.

Trent: Sure thing man. Which brand, I have Dean Markley, D'daddario, Ernie
Ball, Fender and rotosound. (All of them are actual brands-W.J.)

Nick: Whoa man, where did you get so many strings?

Trent: Big sale at the guitar shop at the mall. (as can be heard in "It
happened one nut")

After the tune up they launch into a new song.

Trent: (singing) As I was walking by there I saw you again, there you go with
a new boy friend. But wasn't I the one who made you who you are? And our love
just left me with an emotional scar.

Jane and Daria enter the house.

Jane: Uh-oh, it's that time of the day again.

Daria: Wanna go to my place?

Jane: Nahh.... Pouring a bucket of water over Trent's amp in an attempt to
stop him is much more fun.

Daria: But wouldn't that kill him?

Jane: (In a south park kind of voice) Oh my god I've killed Trent!

Daria: (Also) You bastard!

They walk into the basement to see the band play.

Trent: Hey Janey, Hey Daria.

Jesse: Hi.

Max: Yup.

Nick: Hey.

Jane: Hi.

Daria: Hey guys, How's life?

Jane looked at Daria in surprise, she actually SPOKE UP.

Trent: (Smiling) Oh the usual, you know, sleeping makes me hungry and eating
makes me sleepy, life couldn't be better. And you?

Daria: The same for me, my mother isn't giving a damn, my Dad is clueless as
usual and my SISTER (said in the same way as Trent referred to Quinn in
"Gifted") is dating like wildfire so other then that, all is going well.
Anyway I wrote some poems that you can use. (Hands them over.)

Trent: (Reading out loud) "My dear I've been so lonely, we've been so long
apart. My love is really burning, consuming up my heart. Although we're mearly
nerds at day, we're creatures of the night. Now let me set the beast loose on
you before your face white. Let your hands climb my mountains and your mouth
explore my seas, let us live for the moment for our love can never be.
Although we're mearly people who's lives run along like skates, now let me
please hold you tight before your image evaporates. Let us come together, do
what we really want. A union of our sexes, joining two in one. Although we're
mearly boy and girl crafted out of DNA codes, now let us join together before
your image explodes. Allas, the truth that I do not want to see stings like a
heart attack and vine, because I know when you touch me you'll never will be
mine. Although you're mearly an image that makes me feel this way, now let us
kiss just one last time before I wake up to the next day." This is hot stuff
Daria.

Jane: That's an understatement Trent, this is more revealing then seeing
Brittany naked in the P.E. showers.

Jesse: Don't start about her, the artificial breast bimbo.

Jane: You know her?

Jesse: We went out to the zen together a while back, her hair was leaving a
big trail of black stains on the floor and she kept calling me "Jerry" or
"Terry".

Daria and Jane smirk at each other about that.

Daria: (getting back to the poem) I hope you can do something with my poem.

Trent: I'm sure we can, what is it called?

Daria: "Dreams".

Trent: It isn't usual for us to sing about, errrrrr, stuff like that but we
can always try.

Max: Yeah eroticism is better then hardcore.

Jane: Well, I guess we'll leave you to it. Come on Daria Let's have Pizza.

But as soon as they left the basement Jane's mood changes in to one of
concern.

Jane: Daria, what's wrong?

Daria: Huh?

Jane: You don't fool me Daria, you opened up a conversation with Trent, joked
with him and gave him a poem that you could have written while masturbating.
There has to be something really serious bugging you in order to make you act
so.....so....shipper.

Daria's face suddenly breaks.

Daria: Quinn finally got my Mom to send me to a beauty farm for a month in
order to "make me change my attitude towards my looks", this I fear will be
the end of the Daria Morgendorffer you know and love.

Jane: Hey, It can't be that bad, after you've finished you can dump all that
crap and be yourself again.

Daria: That's what I thought too but it gets worse, I learned today that Mom
will be hiring a professional indoor architect to redecorate my room and
she'll get rid of my clothes too. And to top if all off she is filing charges
against you and Trent for being a "bad influence" on me, the police will
follow me around to make sure that I don't hang around you.

Jane: (No sarcasm at all) Oh bummer.

Trent who walked up the stairs to get some drinks has heard the conversation
and decides to come undone.

Trent: Daria, I.....I could never imagined...all those lines in your poem.

Daria: (a stream of tears now coming from her eyes) They were all sincere
Trent, misery chicks have lust feelings too.

Trent: I know, in fact I knew that from the day we were on our way to
alternapalooza, you were so shy and you tried to avoid contact with me but
your body language spoke otherwise. I knew that you had a crush on me even
before you told me. (in "Jane's addiction") And I saw you grow from that
moment on, I'm not as oblivious as I seem to be. And Daria what I didn't tell
you that day is.....that I feel the same way too. You are so different from
any other girl I met, I don't care how you look, you are beautiful as you are.
I once saw you asleep in Janey's room and you looked so cute, that I had to
control myself not to go in there and kiss you.

Daria: Oh Trent,.....

Daria embraces him and they kiss.

Jane: (Silently but satisfied) Finaly.

Trent's bandmates walk up the stairs to see what's keeping him so long. Jesse
sees Trent and Daria kissing and stops them.

Jesse: Hold it guys, I don't think Trent wants to be disturbed right now.

Nick and Max nod in understanding.

When Trent re-enters the basement, the band is already waiting for him.

Max: You all right Trent?

Trent: (while picking up his guitar) No.

And he does a perfect Pete Townshend imitation by driving it through a wall
and smashing it completely until nothing remains of it, the rest of the band
looks at him in amazement.

Jesse: Hey man, settle down!

Trent: It takes a lot to drive me to rage and this is one of those things!
(Calming down again)

Man that felt good.

The very next day, Helen is driving Daria to the beauty farm.

Helen: Isn't it exciting, now you will become the real you.

Daria: No this isn't exciting Mom, when will you understand that the "Real me"
is sitting next to you and is currently resenting the way her parents and
sister betrayed her.

Helen: Come on Daria, it's for your own good.

Daria: Let me give you some food for thought Mom, Is giving your own daughter
a makeover against her will good? Where did you hide your feelings, the
feelings that you showed when you took on Ms Li when she did the same thing to
the poster Jane and I made. (In "Arts N' Crass") I think of this whole thing
as another hypocritical attempt to turn me into another Quinn. Where are your
morals, have five years of being a Flower child drained all the love out of
you?

Helen maintains a poker face but only just.

Helen: Daria, you'll do this and that's the end of this discussion.

They've reached their destination and Daria bails out, she walks towards the
entrance but doesn't turn around.

Helen: (regretfully) Daria, I...

Daria doesn't turn around but gives Helen the Peace sign before entering.

"The real me" by the Who starts playing as she enters. The song keeps playing
as we see the next couple of days in a hush, Daria meets the people who will
handle her, they take her measurements, take pictures of her including nude
pictures and then we see her showering while they make a receipt. As she
emerges from the shower she notices that her clothes are gone. They tell her
that she'll get "Better clothes".

After a week Daria decides to call her family.

Quinn: Hello?

Daria: HI SIS, it's the lab animal speaking.

Quinn: Daria, how are you, oh I bet that you really are looking cute when
you're ready.

Daria: Quinn, tell me one thing, how is my room?

Quinn: Its looking great, all that horrible padding is gone and the walls are
painted violet and pink and I bought you new clothes, they would really suit
you.

Daria lets out a groan before hanging up.

Quinn: Daria, you still there?

Daria: The next time that the fashion mob goes shopping to get clothes to
reveal "the real me" I'll ask them to buy a shotgun so I can kill her.

Suddenly a familiar voice calls out for Daria.

Dr Sharr: Well, I guess that I got through to you after all.

Daria: What do you mean?

Dr Sharr: I saw your pictures, you have a very good figure.

Daria starts to stare with a hostile look at Jenny, the photographer.

Jenny: Hey, it's part of the deal.

Daria: But what is a plastic surgeon doing here?

Dr Sharr: They contacted me in order to get your breasts enlarged.

Daria: WHAT?!

Jenny: Hey, it's part of the deal.

Dr Sharr: Furthermore, I also told them to change your hair color and maybe to
fix your eyes, think of it sweetie, you'll never have to wear glasses again.

Daria: NO WAY!

Jenny: Hey, it's part of the deal.

Suddenly a pair of big men grab Daria and Dr Sharr takes out a numbing mask
and numbs her.

Daria:(trying to stay awake) You.......won't.........get...........
away............with..........this...........

They lay her down and rush her into an operating room, while Dr Sharr changes
into her medical attire.

A few Hours later Daria awakes in agony, her chest is all bandaged up.

Dr Sharr: Hold on, your body needs to get used to the implants.

Daria: (Weakly) I....hope....they...will....be.....rejected...

Dr Sharr: (Trying to cheer Daria up) Think of all the boys you can seduce,
they'll love you.

Daria: You wanna talk about love, then listen to this: I have someone in my
life who doesn't care how I look, he loves me for who I am and respects me as
I am. Why does everything I had change into something that I do not want. I
was happy being a misery chick, I don't want to be popular, it just isn't me.

Dr Sharr: Well you'd better get used to it, tomorrow the fashion design bureau
will be coming by, I guess you already know Claude and Romonika from amazon
models?

Daria: Those two, oh no.

Dr Sharr: they are the ones behind all this and they gave me the green light
to your surgery.

Daria: Just wait until I feel better, I feel the urge to perform a surgery
myself.

Dr Sharr: See, you're already starting to lose your closed persona.

Daria: Yeah and I will really enjoy giving this place a make over.

Meanwhile at the Lane household....

The phone is ringing, Jane picks it up.

Jane: Yo.

Helen: Jane, this is Helen Morgendorffer, Daria's mother, I wanted to say that
I'm sorry about how I behaved, I've retreated the files against you and Trent.

Jane: (Angry) Why did you file us in the first place, we'd stayed with you Mrs
Morgendorffer, and Daria loves us and the way she was, why did it all had to
change?

Helen: You don't know what it's like to have a manipulative daughter like
Quinn.

Jane: Bullcrap, it wasn't just about Quinn, Daria told me about your plans to
get rid of her old room and her old clothes.

Helen: (Sighing) Yes that's true, the last time I spoke her she talked about
resentment and betrayal. She toughed a sensitive string there, oh god what
kind of a mother am I?

Jane: If you have the guts to face Daria after this "Make over" is done and to
say you're sorry she just might forgive you. (she slams down the phone. But it
starts ringing again) Yes?

Daria: Hi Jane, this is the holocaust victim speaking.

Jane: Daria, what a surprise, I just spoke your mother who told me she was
sorry.

Daria: Easy for her to say, she isn't the one who just got her breasts
enlarged.

Jane: WHAT?

Daria: (Outraged) I now have the bra size of Brittany! I will never be the
same again.

Jane: why don't you just call them and tell them about it.

Daria: Oooh noo, they wanted me to do this in the first place and now they
have to face the result of their actions.

Jane: So, you're getting through all this just to take revenge at your family.

Daria: This won't be another victory for the mercyless, they've won to many
times.

Jane: I'm with you amiga, Trent and I will pick you up after you've completed
this task.

Daria: No I don't want Trent to see me like this.

Jane: But think about this Daria, how would the fashion professors feel if
they saw you getting the Tank.

Daria: (Smirks) If you see it that way.....

Jane: Trent wants to see you more then anything, he wants to see on what
charges he can sue them.

Daria: Just tell them that I love him. Oh yeah call Jodie, I want her to do
something for me.

Two days later Daria's hair has been dyed to a bright fire glow.

Daria: Romonika, I have a question?

Romonika: Go ahead sweetie.

Daria: Did you have to go through al of this before you got into the fashion
business?

Romonika: No, they said I was perfect.

Daria: Then why do I have to go through all this, I can't imagine that my
mother would really let you do all this to me.

Romonika: It wasn't just your mother, your cousin send us a letter in which
she gave us some advice for your make over.

Daria: Thank you, now I know who to kill when all of this is done.

Romonika: You don't seem to happy about this, why?

Daria: I tell you why, I'm the kind of girl who wants to be left alone, I
don't want popularity.

Romonika: (suddenly without her French accent) I know, I know that all to
well, I once was just like you until my mother, who was a very vain woman,
took me to a model school and changed me into the person I am now. I only
stayed there to show her that I could be the kind of person she wanted me to
be, but I am deeply unhappy about my life as it is.

Daria: Then how could you give so many girls the same fate as you had.

Romonika: None of them spoke up, you are the first.

Daria: Tell me the truth, did I really needed a "boob-job", they hurt and I
can't sleep on my stomage anymore.

Romonika: That one was Quinn's idea, she said that it would change your
attitude.

Daria: Well it has, it showed me clearer then ever how good my old attitude
was, how do you keep sane in such a harsh invirement?

Romonika sighs and rolls up one of her sleeves to show Daria a whole lot of
injection marks.

Romonika: (Quoting Neil Young) I've seen the needle and the damage done. It's
already to late for me Daria, I'm injecting myself four times a day, I'm a
junk. But it's not to late for you. I can call the make over complete so you
won't have to suffer any longer, I can even give you the number of a real
plastic surgeon to have your implants removed.

Daria: Why are you doing this, isn't this the way you make money?

Romonika: Dr Sharr was rated "baddest plastic surgeon" in a medical magazine
and I felt sorry for all those girls she treated, so to compensate for their
suffering I gave them the number of one of the best surgeons to undo the
damage she's done.

Daria: (Smirking her Mona Lisa smile) Thank you Romonika, If there's ever
something you need from me, don't hesitate to say so.

Claude enters.

Claude: (to Romonika) Ah there you are, we need you in the office.

Romonika: (French again) I'll be right there Claude, Daria and I have been
talking and we decided that the make over is complete. (Winks at Daria.) Tell
Dr Sharr that the eye treatment isn't needed anymore.

The next day, Daria has called the Lanes to get her from the farm.

Trent: Well here we are, I hope we can recognize her after all she's been
through.

Jane: She'll recognize us, we've haven't changed much.

A young redheaded woman wearing hip hugger jeans, small glasses and a purple
tank top walks up to them.

Daria: Thank god you're here.

Trent: Daria is that really you?

Daria runs straight into his arms and cries.

Jane: My god, what have they done to you, I'm going to kill them!

Daria: (Smiling) Don't worry it will take care of it self. (Looks at a window
and sees Romonika smirking a Mona Lisa smile at her) Now let's get out of
here.

Jane: Sure thing amiga , where to?

Daria: First of all to the mall I've got some perchages to make, second stop
My place, I want them to see what they did to me.

The Morgendorffer residence later that day, the doorbell is ringing. The
Morgendorffers themselves are having dinner.

Quinn: That's probably my date.

Helen: Tell him that's he's too early.

But a surprise awaits Quinn when she opens the door, A young woman stands in
front of the door that could be Quinn's mirror image but a soar impression in
her eyes betrays her true identity.

Quinn: Mom, Dad, you've got to see this.

Helen and Jake enter and stare at Daria in amazement.

Daria: (venomous) Well, do you like what you see?

Quinn: (Cheery) You are so cute.

Helen: See, that wasn't to bad, was it?

Daria: (To Helen) Mom, what did they tell you about the treatment I received?

Helen: They said it would involve basic treatments such as a hair job and a
change of clothes.

Daria: (Venomous, Jane and Trent appear to back her up.) So, they told you
basic treatments A? Well I guess having some strange Lady shaving off my
public hair in order to give me a perfect bikini line is "basic" and showering
in a crowded room is "basic" too.

Helen looks in shock, Quinn is too.

Daria: And the most "basic" thing they did, working from Quinn's suggestions,
is THIS!

She rips open her top revealing her breasts, they look Horrible the stitches
were done sloppy and two huge red pieces of artificial skin cover up the cuts.
Jake shrieks and faints.

Helen:(Angry, to Quinn) What suggestions?

Quinn: Errrr,I......Errrr.....

Daria: Save it Quinn, You will pay for this, and will pay dearly.

Trent gives Daria a shirt and the three of them walk up the stairs carrying a
couple of buckets of paint and a big sledgehammer with them. Daria opens the
door to her room and looks at it in disgust, it has changed into a copy of
Quinn's room.

Daria: Let's dance!

And they begin tearing the place apart and start to paint the walls black, all
the clothes Quinn bought for Daria are thrown out of the window and are
replaced with six identical green jacket, orange shirt and black pleated skirt
outfits.

Quinn: Oh no what have you done, all my hard work is ruined.

Daria: (Gritting) And the best is yet to come, I've filed charges against both
of you.

Helen: You wouldn't!

Daria: I did, having your Daughter "Physically enhanced" against her will is a
punishable offence, as a lawyer you should have known that. Jodie is currently
finishing up a case for me against the two of you, the beauty farm and Dr
sharr. Eric Sheckter will be my atourney.

Helen: E..Eric, my boss?

Daria: You wanted me to turn into another Quinn, you got your wish, but now
you have to face the results of your actions. Don't worry about it though, I
really didn't press charges against you Mom, but I guess threatening YOU, one
of the state's finest lawyers, with a face off with your own daughter would
scare you enough. But as for you Quinn.....

The court day arrives.

The judge enters the court room, the case of Daria Morgendorffer against Quinn
Morgendorffer is about to start.

Judge: I here by declare the case of Daria Elaine Morgendorffer against her
sister..

Quinn: (Quickly) Cousin!

Judge: (continuing) ..her SISTER Quinn Louise Morgendorffer opened. (to Daria)
Ms Morgendorffer state you terms.

Daria: Your honor, my SISTER Quinn persuaded my mother to take me to a beauty
farm to get me a Quote "make over" unquote seeing this as another opportunity
to change me into a Quote "Popular girl" unquote my mother agreed. They forbid
me to see my friends, they even had patrol cars following me to make sure that
I really didn't see them anymore. The Beauty farm it self was sheer terror for
me as my evidence will prove, roll tape please.

A film is started, it's the footage taken by a security camera. We see Dr
sharr numbing Daria and taking her away.

Dr Sharr, who's also in the court room goes white as a sheet.

Jenny: Hey, this isn't part of the deal! Who got you that tape?

Romonika smirks a Mona Lisa smile.

Daria: As well as treating me as a lab animal, they also altered my body
against my will. Therefore I'm also filing charges against the "Swan pond"
beauty farm and Doctor Emily Sharr. Your honor my sister did send a message to
Dr Sharr with suggestions on my "Make over" which included a breast
enlargement, unfortunately the latter was done in such an inexperienced manner
that I will need to visit a real surgeon to remove the implants.(Dr Sharr
groans at hearing the words "inexperienced" and "Real surgeon" and at seeing
the pictures of Daria's enlarged breasts.) The surgeon that's treating me told
me I got lucky, the operation was so poorly done that it was a miracle that I
didn't get an infection. Given the state my sister is in I can understand her
position, but I will not let her treat me like this. I rest my case.

Judge: Thank you, will the defense rise please.

Helen: Your honor, the defendant explained her reasons, they were out of pure
vanity, a common problem with girls her age. She wanted a sister she could be
proud of being her sister and decided to model her after herself. I agreed
with the treatment of Daria believing it would be a positive experience and
putting her in a new light. The defendant didn't tell me about the letter but
she told me that it was done for Daria's own good. I rest my case.

Judge: Jury you may discuss the verdict for this case in the meantime I call
this case paused.

Jane: Boy, you kicked ass out there, where did you get that evidence?

Daria: Let's just say from an unexpected place or person.

Trent: Daria, I'm glad you're back and I got you this book. (Hands her
Christopher Reeve's autobiography "Still me") I hope you like it.

Daria: You got it right Trent, I'm "still me".

Trent: Could I speak to you in private?

Daria: Sure.

"Seemann" by Rammstein starts to play as Trent takes Daria apart.

Trent: I want to take you to "Lovers lane" tonight, I missed you so much.

Daria: That's so sweet of you but I can't.

Trent: I understand, after all the humiliation, you must feel...

Daria: No, that's not it, I really want to "set the beast loose on you" but
I'm in a constant agony because of my breasts. I'm afraid you'll have to wait
a few weeks longer until my implants are removed and I can go back from cup
double D to my cup B-minor.

Trent: Ah, I get it.

Daria: But I'll be worth the wait.

They kiss.

A little while later, the jury has decided.

Judge: Jury, have you reached a verdict?

Jury member: Yes your Honor, the jury declares the defendant Quinn Louise
Morgendoffer guilty of all charges.

Quinn takes a loud gasp.

Judge: I hereby send the defendant to 200 hours of community service at the
library. (slams the gaffel.)

Quinn: THE LIBRARY?

Daria: Yes, which is my world, I visited yours and didn't like it, now it's
your turn to visit my world, enjoy your stay.

Judge: Next case, Daria Morgendorffer against the "Swan pond" beauty farm and
Dr Emily Sharr.

A few weeks later, all the court cases have been done. Daria, Jane and Jodie
are looking at the results.

Jane: You really wrought havoc there, the "Swan pond" had to close and more
and more girls are filing charges against Dr Sharr for ruining their bodies
with sloppy performed surgery, this all lead to her going bankrupt and having
to retrieve her Doctorate. Well done.

Daria: (who has her autumn glow back in her hair and is wearing her horn
ribbon glasses again.) Thanks, after all it never hurts to help.

Jodie: But there is one thing I don't get, why did you send Romonika De
Gregory to a hospital for treatment on drug abuse?

Daria: She has been messing with "Mr Brownstone"(Guns n' roses slang for
heroin.) a little to much and after she helped me to get off early, this is my
way of thanking her.

Jodie: And how are you?

Daria lifts up her jacket showing her breasts, they are bandaged after the
implants were removed.

Daria: The doctor said that I'm making good progress in recovering, it won't
be long until I can take the bandages off.

Jane: As I said before Daria, you can just shake that stuff off and be
yourself again.

Daria: And having BRAINWASHED the local medical/fashion community is an added
bonus to that.

THE END
