BRITTANY'S JACUZZI
by Mitch
wells17@gte.net

(Brittany is returning home from school.  She is surprised to a
truck pull out from the driveway as she arrives.  She walks to
the front door and sees her parents, Steve and Ashley-Amber,
waiting for her.)
BRITT: Uh, what's with the truck?
STEVE: Brittany honey, we have a surprise for you.
ASHLEY: It's in the bathroom.
(Brittany heads to the bathroom.  There's a jacuzzi there!)
BRITT: EEE!
(Steve walks by)
STEVE: Have fun.
BRITT: I will!
(Later, Brittany is bathing in the jacuzzi.  She closes her eyes
as she becomes totally relaxed.  Then, a knocking comes from the
door.)
BRITT: Who's...
(The door opens before she can finish.  Ashley-Amber enters.)
ASHLEY: Just getting my mascara.  Don't mind me.
(Amber-Ashley exits.  Brittany tries to relax again.  Suddenly,
there is another knock at the door.)
BRITT: Who's...
(The door opens.  It's Steve.)
STEVE: Don't mind me, Brittany.  Just need to brush my teeth.
(Britt is rather embarrassed as her father brushes her teeth
while she's bathing.  She just sits there wide-eyed.  Steve
finishes and leaves.  Brittany sighs and sinks lower in the
jacuzzi.  Then her brother Brian enters unannounced.)
BRITT: EEP!  BRIAN!
(Brittany puts more bubble bath in the jacuzzi.  Brian searches
the medicine cabinet and finds one of Steve's razors.  He
chuckles evilly and leaves).
BRITT: -sigh-At least no one else will show up now.
(Suddenly Jodie shows up.)
JODIE: Ah, Brittany.  Your stepmom said I'd find you here.
Listen, I need to tell you I have to cancel our sleepover.  I
have to work on yearbook...
(Mack enters.)
MACK: -There- you are, Jodie.  we still up for tomorrow night?
(Brittany, embarrassed, is now covering herself even though the
bath bubbles are doing a good job of protecting her modesty.
Kevin enters.)
KEVIN: Hey Mack Daddy!
MACK: Don't call me that.
KEVIN: Hey Britt!  That your jacuzzi?  Cool!
(Brittany is starting to panic.  Daria and Jane enter.)
DARIA: So -this- is Brittany's bathroom.
JANE: Just as I pictured it, except for the jacuzzi.
BRITT: DARIA!  WHAT'S GOING ON?
DARIA:  You don't know?  Well, Brittany, you see...
JANE: Hold on, there's something I want to do.
(Jane picks up Brittany's discarded uniform and looks up the
skirt.)
JANE: A-HA!  I always wondered if there was underwear there or
not.  Alright Daria, go ahead.
DARIA: (rolls eyes)-sigh-Brittany, this is a -dream-.  No one's
in here and you have no fear of anyone seeing you naked.
BRITT: How do I know that's true?
DARIA: Simple.  Stand up.
BRITT: WHAT?!!
DARIA: Well, what choice do you have?
(Brittany thinks for a second.  This -is- kind of surreal and
Daria -is- smarter than her.  She looks at her, at everyone else,
and reluctantly stands up.  She has no gentiles, proving this is
a dream.  She covers herself anyway and runs to her room.  She
finds a robe and falls on the bed.  She awakes later and heads to
the bathroom.  The jacuzzi isn't there, it was party of her
dream.  At first, she's disappointed, but then remembers her
dream and sighs in relief).

END
