BROKEN GIRL by LilMeg

SUMMERY: Daria and Jane meet a new girl at school named Megan she
Wight's a song for Trent and he ends up with a little more then just
a song.
 
Normal Daria opening on a green background That has 'Broken Girl' on 
it.
Scene One: Lawndale High
(Daria and Jane walking down the hall)

JANE: So are you coming to Mc.Guundys tonight
DARIA: No I thought I should stay home with my parents Make some popcorn
and play Twister
JANE: (smirking) Well you have fun
DARIA: Shut up just shut up.
JANE: We'll pick you up at seven
DARIA: O...
(Gets interrupted by an extremely short blonde girl with impossibly 
blue eyes and six earrings and a nose ring warring baggy cargo pants 
a baggy black Dr.Seuss tee shirt and platform combat boots) {just to 
give ya a mental pic ;)}
SHORT GIRL: CRAP! <As her books go flying>
JANE: Yo, you need some help?
GIRL: Umm ya.
JANE: Here <handing the rest of her books to the girl> I'm Jane
DARIA: Daria
GIRL: Hi I'm Megan.  I am kinda new here.
DARIA: Welcome to hell keep your arms and legs inside the car at all 
times.
JANE: Where ya from?
MEGAN: Canada
JANE: Cool
MEGAN: No it's pretty cold there.  The winters are hell but its fun 
to convince people you live in an igloo and drive dogsleds!
DARIA: Like who?
MEGAN: <pointing to the Fashion Club> Them.
JANE: <smirking> The one with red hair is Daria's sister.
MEGAN: Your kidding right?
DARIA: Nope
MEGAN: Oh my god! There is absolutely no freaking way you are so 
different.  She is one of the biggest snobs I have ever met and you 
seem really nice!
DARIA: It's sad but true.

Scene Two: Mr. O'Neall's class.
<Pan out to see the class righting stuff>
MR.O'NEALL: Ok class times up lets se what kinds of poetry we came 
up with.  How about Megan.
MEGAN: Umm ok.
The wind whistles through the trees
But to my pain it brings no ease
I am battered I am bruised
My heart and sole left feeling used

Leaving me unhole 
Leaving me just a part
As you crushed my sole
And you broke my heart

The screeching of the door 
Pain tearing through my core
Slowly you crushed my spirit
My heart beating madly cant you heart?

Leaving me unhole 
Leaving me just a part
As you stole my sloe
And you broke my heart

My sole is wary from the abuse
My heart broken and of no use
My love how could you do it?
How did you let me go through it?

Leaving me unhole
Leaving me just a part
As you stole my sole
And you broke my heart

Hallow, empty wrinkled and creased
Silently I pray for release
From this game you love to play
Some day for your crimes you will pay

(She sits down looking kinda embarrassed the class looks awed and 
someone claps)
DARIA: That sounds like something Mystic Spiral would play
JANE: She should talk to Trent she's good!
MR.O'NEALL: *Very* good Megan that was a very *expressive* poem.
MEGAN: Whatever.

Scene Three: The cafeteria
(Megan, Daria and Jane sitting at a table)

DARIA: That poem was acutely good.
JANE: Ya, you should really talk to my brother Trent he is in a band 
and it only has three or four songs
MEGAN: Thanks how old is he? And what's the band called?
JANE: twenty-one and Mystic Spiral
MEGAN: How open-minded is he because I really don't think he'd like 
advice from a sixteen-year-old girl on music.
JANE: Well if you give me some 'o' your stuff I can swing it past 
him but if you want you can meet him first.  His band is playing 
tonight we can pick you up at seven.
MEGAN: K I live beside the house with the corn growing in the front 
lawn.
DARIA: I know where that is.

Cut for Commercials clip of Megan and her books flying playing Sucks 
to be you by Prozac.
Cut to commercials for Mentos/ Fabric softener/ some dumb doll/ and 
sugar crisp.

Scene Four: In the Tank
(Daria, Trent, Jessie and Jane wedged in the tank with all their
stuff)

DARIA: There it is!
(Pan to a Dolly looking blue house)
TRENT: Ok. (He pull's in the driveway Jane gets out and walks over
to the door and rings the bell Megan opens the door)
MEGAN: Hi
JANE: Yo you ready?
MEGAN: Yup.
(They go back to the tank)
TRENT: Hi uh...
MEGAN: Megan
TRENT: My name's Trent
JESSIE: Jessie, Jane's boyfriend.
MEGAN: Hi 
DARIA: So when's your curfew?
MEGAN: Whenever
TRENT: How'd you manage that?
MEGAN: Easy they are out if they come back before me they'll assume 
I am at some one's house if they don't they won't even know
JANE: She is a smart one!

Scene Five: McGrundy's Pub
(Daria, Jane and Megan talking)

MEGAN: So when is your brother's band on?
JANE: They are next.  So when did you learn to wright music?
MEGAN: (talking incredibly fast) Well my dad has been playing guitar 
since I was little he taught me when I was 13 and I was in a band in 
Canada called Twilight I wrought our first song 'Bloodstained' two 
years ago and the poem I was one I was working on right before I 
left so I never finished it until today.
DARIA: Wow
JANE: That's impressive.
MEGAN: I also dance.
JANE: Do you paint?
MEGAN: Nope I really suck in that department.
DARIA: (innocently) Why Jane are you afraid of some competition?
<Jane gives Daria a dirty look>
Cut to the stage Mystic Spiral are on.
TRENT: Hi were Mystic Spiral but we might change our name
<Cut to Mystic spiral playing Ice Box Woman and Megan dancing>
JANE: So do you like her?
DARIA: Who?
JANE: Megan.
DARIA: Ya she's o.k. She's nice I guess
JANE: She's kinda perky but I have a feeling she wouldn't mix well 
with Brittany
DARIA: Ya and Trent seems to really like her.
Cut to Trent looking at Megan kinda softly Megan oblivious.
JANE: It's probably nothing do you want to get a burger after?
DARIA: Ok.
Cut to a commercial see clip of Trent singing and Megan dancing 
playing Jump Jive and Wail by The Brian Setzer Orchestra 
Cut to commercials for soap/ the one with the dancing cats/ Huggies 
(with the dumb song) and Mr. Clean 
Scene Six: Anonymous Fast Food Joint
Daria, Jane, Megan and Trent sitting at a table.
TRENT: So Daria how'd you meet Megan?
DARIA: Well me and Jane were walking down the hall and she sorta 
dropped all her stuff so Jane helped her pick it all up.
MEGAN: Droped is an under statmint the proper term would be flung 
her stuff down the hall.
JANE: Ya and Mr. O'Neill made her read her poem infront of the class 
it was really good!
TRENT: You wright?
MEGAN: Yup, mostly songs, poems and the occasional short story.
TRENT: You wright songs
MEGAN: Ya actually the poem I read was a song I was working on but 
no one noticed they rarely do.
TRENT: Can I read it?
MEGAN: Shure <she takes out a pad of paper and starts scribbling on 
it furiously> 
TRENT: Do you always carry a pad and pen?
MEGAN: Ya just incase I get an idea for a song. They come quickly 
and leave just as fast.  Here < She rips off the piece of paper and 
hands it to him> My bands first song ever was wrighten on toilet 
paper and no I wasn't on the can at the time I was at a restaurant.  
TRENT: What was your band called? 
MEGAN: Twilight we actually put out a record but only ten copies 
were sold and I own 3 and the rest of the band own about 4.
TRENT: That sucks!
MEGAN: Ya I think we kinda came off as a girlie band. We aren't we 
had talent, well somewhat. 
TRENT: I'd love to hear it.
MEGAN: Sure no prob. I'll send it through Jane.
JANE: Umm, I was thinking Trent she could really help you with 
wrighting songs.
TRENT: Sure if she wants to these lyrics are awsome.
MEGAN: Sure if you want new songs right away you could probably use 
some of Twilight's songs I wrought them all so its ok you might like 
'Bloodstains' it seams like a good song for you from what I can 
tell.
DARIA: Well that sounds like a nice song!
MEGAN: It's kinda vicious though.

Scene Seven: The Lanes house
Megan and Trent in Trent's room Megan sitting cross-legged on the 
bed Trent on the floor
MEGAN: I brought over some songs you might like and My c.d. 'cause 
you said you wanted it.
TRENT: Cool I'll listen to it later.  What songs did you bring?
MEGAN: Well I have 'Bloodstains', 'Death', 'Darkness' its one of my 
first, 'Betrayal' its kinda a chick song but since you wright I 
thought you could modify it and last but not least 'Ice Princess' 
and 'Stupid Little Piro Child (you burnt down the house)' that one 
is a little weird I was in a pissy mood after my brother almost 
burnt down my room.
TRENT: Lets start with the one you just wrought. 
(Cut to various clips of them working on the songs)
MEGAN: Well I should probably go sleep see ya (she starts walking 
towards the door) Oh and you can keep the c.d.!
TRENT: Ya I haven't slept all day! Thanks for the c.d.!
MEGAN: (VO) Your welcome.

Scene Eight: Lunch at Lawndale High
(Jane and Daria sitting at a table
DARIA: so she came over to your house yesterday?
JANE: Ya they were in Trent's room for the whole time.  But the 
wrote two new ones and got music for the one she wrote in class.  
Trent was so happy he actually cleaned his room, well sort of.
DARIA: Did you have his head checked for bumps?
JANE: No he fell asleep after with her c.d. blaring she's actually 
pretty good.
(Megan sits down at their table)
MEGAN: Hi what did I miss?
JANE: Not much just some plans for global domination
MEGAN: Got a date set? Because Trent's playing at McGrundy's this 
Friday you comin?
DARIA: Um, I'll be there.
MEGAN: Great I am really excited about the new songs even though I'm 
not singing 'em. Oh crap I've gotta go see Mrs.Bach about some 
science projects that I seem to have missed on account of me not 
being here.  Dose anyone else think she is scary?
DARIA & JANE: Yes.
(Megan leaves)

Scene Nine: Mc.Grundy's Pub
(We see Mystic Spiral playing 'From the Futon')
DARIA: So what song are they going to play?
Meaghan: I think they are playing 'Broken' (Daria and Jane look 
blank) the one I read in class.
JANE: Oh ok.
Cut to Trent at the Microphone
TRENT: Now were going to play a new song called 'Broken' written by 
Megan, can you come up here please?
(Megan goes up onto the stage)
MEGAN: Why am I here?
TRENT: Your going to sing the song you wrought.
MEGAN: (pulling her hair into a ponytail with some louse tendrils 
framing her face) Ok. but you are singing too!
TRENT: K
MEGAN: (into the mic) Hi I'm Megan enjoy!
MEGAN & TRENT SINGING IN PERFECT HARMONY. 

The wind whistles through the trees
But to my pain it brings no ease
I am battered I am bruised
My heart and sole left feeling used

Leaving me unholy 
Leaving me just a part
As you crushed my sole
And you broke my heart

The screeching of the door 
Pain tearing through my core
Slowly you crushed my spirit
My heart beating madly cant you heart?

Leaving me unhole 
Leaving me just a part
As you stole my sloe
And you broke my heart

My sole is wary from the abuse
My heart broken and of no use
My love how could you do it?
How did you let me go through it?

Leaving me unhole
Leaving me just a part
As you stole my sole
And you broke my heart

Hallow, empty wrinkled and creased
Silently I pray for release
From this game you love to play
Some day for your crimes you will pay

(The crowed cheers and stuff)
Trent grabs Megan's hands and kisses her on the cheek.
(Cut to Daria and Jane)
JANE: Daria you ok with this?
DARIA: Ya they were made for each other
Cut back to Megan and Trent on stage
MEGAN: (Into the mic) thanks! (Quieter to Trent) You want to grab a 
burger later?
TRENT: (still holding her hand) Sure.
Roll end credits and Makeovers playing you were meant for me by 
Jewel

AUTHORS NOTE: This is my first fan fic so be gentle.  I thought 
adding another character would be interesting.  I just wrote with no 
plot so I was surprised Trent ended up with Megan. The song Trent 
and Megan sing is my first good song I wrote.  I hope I haven't 
offended anyone.  I tried to keep everyone relatively in character. 

Question Comments Concerns e-mail me at LilMeg84@hotmail.com
