Title: Casting Call
Author: J
Description: Under a renewed threat of flute lessons, Daria is forced to join
an extracurricular. What does the School Anti-Spirit club talk her into doing?
find out.

Authors note: This is my third fanfic. For the sake of continuity, I suggest
you read "Damien's Day at Lawndale Hell" and "No More Deviants."  And, as
always, Send all comments to:

Incubus637@aol.com

DISCLAIMER: Daria and all its characters are © MTV, a division of Viacom
entertainment. Daria and all her cohorts (except for the Kinsingtons) were
created by Glenn Eichler and Susie Lewis. The Kinsingtons were created and are
© 2000 by J. Use of the Kinsingtons without express permission
of the author for the purpose of turning a profit is strictly prohibited.  And
if I find out that someone IS using these characters without permission, well,
I'll let you use your imagination on that one.

Also: Be sure to read for satanic messages.

One final note before we begin, Hey Yui, You want More? Here ya go

On that note:

Begin Title Sequence

Title Appears over red backround

Daria in "Casting Call"

Fade in

EXT: Morgandorffer house, night

CUT TO: Interior. The family is seated around the dinner table. Quinn is
rambling on about her dating schedule, as usual.

Quinn: So then Steve asked me out, but Thomas asked me first, and he has,
like, this REALLY cute second cousin.  So I was gonna go out with him, but
then I found out that Stacy went out with him, and I CAN'T go out with someone
that Stacy went out with.  So now I only have five dates for friday. But I
only have time for one that night and I can't decide.

Daria: I know what Solomon would suggest, and I would be more than happy to
carry it out.

Helen sighs, then turns to Daria

Helen: And how was your day Daria?

Daria: (sighs) Mom, You already know what I'm gonna say, so why do you keep
asking?

Helen: It's just that...well...There's something that we would like to talk to
you about.

Daria: Using the "Royal We", I assume?

Helen sighs, then looks to Jake, who is reading the paper, for back up

Jake: (grins) Hee, Hee, that Andy Capp

Helen sighs again

Helen: Well, What I'm trying to say is that...We think it's high time you
expanded your circle of friends.

Daria: Why do I get the feeling that I won't like where this is headed?

Helen:(continuing) I mean after all, You only hang out with Jane, and we think
you should interact with more people.  It would be good for your sanity.

Daria: Mom, I'm one step ahead of you. In fact, I've already expanded that to
four.

Helen: (exited) Really, who?

Daria: Damien, Darren, and Miranda (pause) Kinsington.

Helen scowls, trying to hide a look of moderate jealousy.

Helen: Well, have you ever thought of expanding it even further, like...

Daria: Quinn?

Helen: Well...yeah

Daria: Mom, she doesn't have friends, she has sycophants. At least I treat my
friends like friends.

Helen: I just think that you should get out of the house more often. Now, have
you ever given any thought to extracurriculars?

Daria: Don't we have this discussion every other week.

Helen: Well, I just think you should. It would get you out of the house. And
you have too much potential to waste by just sitting around. It's not good for
your mental health. Besides, you might make a friend or two.

Daria: O.k., how 'bout this. I'll join an extracurricular, if you get a hobby.

Helen: How 'bout you join an extracurricular, or we send you back to Mr. Davis

Daria looks absolutely shocked.

Jake: Hey, that's a great idea. (Gets a little angry, turns to Daria) How come
you don't play your flute anymore?

Daria: Dad, you already asked me that before.

Jake: (pause) Oh (and he goes back to reading the paper.)

Daria turns to Helen

Daria: Didn't we agree last time that we wouldn't bring that up?

Helen: (rather smugly) I don't remember that.

Daria glares at Helen for a couple beats, then sighs

CUT TO: Ext Lawndale High. a bell rings.

Scene 2: a hallway at Lawndale High. Daria, Jane, Damien, and Miranda are
walking down it

Music: Privilege by Incubus

Daria: So now I have to either join something, or play "The wheels on the bus
go Round and Round" to the point of suicide.

Miranda: Aren't you 18?

Daria: Not for a couple more months.

Miranda: Oh, pisser

Daria: Yeah

Jane: Well, let's ask the queen of extracurriculars herself. Maybe she'll tell
you what's available

Jodie walks up.

Jodie: Did I just hear you say you want to join something?

Daria: (Deadpan) Yes, I'm hereby renouncing all my principles I once held dear
and becoming a joiner.

Jodie: That's great.  What led to the change of heart?

Daria: Did anyone make you play "Pop Goes the Weasel" on the flute everyday
for a year?

Jodie: Violin. anyway, that's great. (points to a bulletin board) Well, all
the signup sheets are over there, go nuts

Daria: Too late

Our heroes walk over and examine the signup sheets.

Jane: How 'bout the Lowdown?

Daria: Well, I might get to print that essay on Ms. Li's brave new world.

Damien: Well, if you wanted to get it anywhere near Li, you would have to have
Jodie do it.

Jane: And think of what would happen when Ms Li reads it.

Miranda: Yeah, self editing my arse.  Fencing team?

Jane: I don't think they'll let you remove the rubber tip.

Daria: Damn

Miranda: Young Optimists soceity?

They all stare at her.

Miranda: Erm, Right.

Damien taps Daria on the shoulder and points to one of the sheets.

Daria: Drama Horizons?

Miranda: Actually, that might not be so bad.

Daria: Requires facial expressions.

Jane: It'll probably be the biggest embarassment to Ms. Li in years

Miranda: How do you figure?

Jane: It's run by O'Neill, and he thinks Kevin is an actor.

Damien: Good point

Daria: No

Miranda: You'll get firsthand account of the complete destruction of
Shakespeare's greatest and darkest tragedy, and the smearing of his name and
reputation for years to come.

Daria: No

Damien: Darren and I already signed up.

Daria: N... What?!

Damien: (Embarrassed) Sorry, it's just that (pause) we're a family of drama
geeks and this is Shakespeare. I mean this is like candy to us

Daria just frowns.

Damien: Besides, what other school sponsored activity teaches you how to use
power tools, how to pick locks, and how to make coffee that will wake the
dead.

Daria: (after a long pause, holds out her hand) Pen?

CUT TO: EXT. Morgandorffer house, night (dog si ernobsO yzzO)

Scene 3: Morgandorffer house. living room.

Helen, Jake, and Daria are sitting on the couch. Quinn is complaining

Music: "What's my age again" by Blink 182

Quinn: So then she had to go and sign up for "Othello." You can't let her. My
popularity is at stake

Daria: Quinn, when I breathe, you think your popularity is at stake

Quinn: See! Even she knows.

Daria glares at Quinn

Helen: I think it's wonderful. A play can be the best way for you to break out
of your shell.

Quinn screams in disgust and storms out of the room.

Daria: I'm surprised, normally this would be when you tell me how this will
look good on college transcripts.

Helen: We thought we would give you a break this time, sweetie

Daria: Thanks.

Helen: (after a pause) So, when's the audition

Daria: Tomorrow

Jake: Well, good luck kiddo

Daria and Helen stare at Jake

Daria: (Suprised) You were actually listening?

Jake: (Apologetically) Well, I don't have the paper with me.

COMMERCIAL BREAK

Stinger: Daria holding her hand out, asking for a pen.

FADE IN: EXT. Lawndale High

Music: "Crushed" by Limp Bizkit

Scene 4: The audition

Stacy walks up to Sandi and Quinn

Stacy: (Excited) I just, like, want to wish you both good luck

Sandi: Like, thanks, I guess

Quinn: Yeah, whatever.

CUT TO: Later that day

Everyone's practicing for their audition.

Sandi: Like, if I were left behind, a moth of peace. And he go to war, Why,
I'd be like really sad and stuff

CUT TO: Quinn and the 3 J's

Quinn: Could you guys, like, help me with my audition?

Joey: I will

Jeffy: I will

Jamie: I will

Jeffy: No you won't

Joey: Neither will you, I'm the one who will do it

They start fighting

CUT TO: Upchuck

Upchuck: Mmmm, Happiness to their Sheets

CUT TO: Kevin

Kevin: Like, Something from Cyprus, as I may divine. Hey Mack Daddy, this
Cassio dude is, like, a god!

Offscreen, Mack just groans

CUT TO: Brittney, who is twirling one of her pigtails around her finger

Brittney: Oh Pal-o-mine, Who, who, who...

CUT TO: O'Neill

O'Neill: Um, Let's begin.

CUT TO: Quinn's Audition. Quinn is trying out for Desdemona. Stacy is playing
Emilia. Joey is playing Cassio.

Quinn: Be thou assured, good Cassio, I will do all my abilities on thy behalf.

Stacy: Good madam, I warrant it grieves my husband as if the cause were his.

Quinn: O, that's an honest fellow! Do not doubt, Cassio, but I will have my
lord and you again as friendly as you were.

Joey: Thanks Quinn.  So, Chez Pierre tonight?

CUT TO: Sandi's audition. Sandi is trying out for Desdemona, Upchuck is
playing Brabantio

Sandi: (Woefully underacting) And so much duty as my mother showed to you,
prefering you before her father, So much I challenge that I may profess due
the moor, my lord.

Upchuck: Well, I'll let you go if you do me some "favors," Mmmm

Sandi: Keep dreaming Upchuck. (She punches him in the face and leaves)

CUT TO: Daria's audition.

Mack is trying out for Othello, Daria is trying out for Emilia. Miranda is
playing Desdemona

Mack: Zounds (he storms offstage)

Daria: (sarcastically) Is not this man jealous?

Miranda: (confused and scared) I ne'er saw this before.  Sure, there's some
wonder in this hankerchief! I am most unhappy in the loss of it.

Daria: (sarcastically, slightly angry) Tis not a year or two shows us a man.
They're all but stomachs and we are but food. They eat us hungerly and when
they are full, they belch us

CUT TO: O'Neill

O'Neill: Very Good Daria! Next we have Darren and (Looks at his sheet)
Um...Damien. (To himself) Well, we might make him an extra or something.

Miranda and Darren glare daggers at O'Neill

CUT TO: Damien and Darren's audition. They are trying out for Iago and Cassio,
respectively. They're both sitting on the edge of the stage.  Darren signs the
last word of his lines to cue Damien.  Damien pulls off his audition perfectly

Damien: (With a "Stop Complaining" look to him) Come come, Good wine is a good
familiar creature if it be well used. Exclaim no more against it. And, good
Lieutenant, I think, you think, I love you.

Kevin: (Offscreen) Whoa, Mack Daddy, Did you hear that?! (Darren stops,
looking annoyed)

Mack: (annoyed) That's not what you think it is, and don't call me that.

Kevin: hey babe, did you hear that

Brittney: Yeah.

Darren: (continuing after they shut up) I have well approved it, sir. I drunk

Damien: You or any man living may be drunk ar a time. (Pause) I'll tell you
what you shall do. Our general's wife is now the general: I may say so in this
respect, for that he hath devoted and given up himself to the contemplation,
mark, and denotement of her parts and graces. Confess yourself freely to her.
Importune her to help put you in your place again. She is of so free, so kind,
so apt, so blessed a disposition she holds it a vice in her goodness not to do
more than she is requested. This broken joint between you and her husband,
entreat her to splinter. And, my fortunes against any law worth naming, this
crack of your love shall grow stronger than it was before.

Darren: You advise me well.

Damien: I protest in the sincerity of love and honest kindness.

Darren hugs Damien. Damien's face goes from happy to a scowl. Darren lets go
and Damien's face turns back to happiness.

Darren: I think it freely; and betimes in the morning I will beseech the
virtuous Desdemona to undertake for me. I am desperate of my fortunes if they
check me here.

Damien: You are in the right. Good night, Lieutenant. I must to the watch.

Darren: Good night, Honest Iago

Darren leaves the stage. Damien watches him go, an annoyed look is on his
face. He then turns to the audience

Damien: And what's he, then, that says I play the villain, (shrugs) When this
advice is free I give, and honest. Probal to thinking and indeed, the course
to win the moor again. For 'tis most easy. Th' inclining Desdemona to subdue
in any honest suit. She's framed as fruitful as the free elements.  And then
for her to win the moor-were't to renounce his baptism, all seals and symbols
of redeemèd sin-His soul is so (pause a beat) enfettered to her love that she
may make, unmake, do what she list, even as her appitite shall play the god
with his weak function.  How am I then a villain? To council Cassio to this
parallel course directly to his good? (Pause a beat, his face turns slightly
evil) Divinity of hell! When devils will their blackest sins put on, they do
suggest at first with heveanly shows, as I do now. For while this honest fool
plies Desdemona to repair his fortune, and she for him pleads strongly to the
moor, I will pour this pestilance into his ear that she repeals him for her
body's lust. And by how much she strives to do him good, she shall undo her
credit with the moor. So shall I turn her virtue into pitch, and out of her
own goodness make the net that shall enmesh them all.

He stays on stage for a couple more beats, giving to audience a look of pure
evil, then exits.

CUT TO: O'Neill. He looks absolutely stunned and VERY impressed. The other
students start clapping.

O'Neill: Very Good Damien.

Damien goes to sit down.

Jane: That was amazing!

Darren: You think that was good? You should have seen him in "Tartuffe" last
year.

Miranda: We have the video, want to see it?

Damien: No you don't.

CUT TO: EXT. Kinsington house, which is a HUGE, very modern building. Night

Scene 5: Kinsington house living room.

Daria, Jane, Darren, Damien, Miranda, and Tom are laying on the floor in the
middle of a large living room. They are watching Damien's performance in
Tartuffe on a big screen T.V. Miranda is petting one of their German
Sheppards, who is laying on top of her. Another Dog is laying on the couch
behind them.

Tom: Hey, this is pretty good.

Jane: Yeah, why did you decide to go into acting?

Damien: (shrugs) Just something to do. I was tired of sitting on my ass after
school.

Darren: You should have seen his face when he found out that he got the title
roll in this.

Daria: I can imagine. At least I won't have to worry about getting the lead

Miranda: Actually, I wouldn't be so sure, Your audition was pretty good.

Daria looks at her, then tries to change the subject

Daria: What are your dog's names anyway?

Miranda: This is Romie, the one on the couch is Kiersten, and the third one is
Wowbagger the Infinately prolonged.

Daria stares at her

Miranda: Read the "Increasingly Inaccurately Named 'Hitchhikers Trilogy.'"

Daria: Ah

Suddenly, the Lights start flickering on and off. They all look behind them

CUT TO: Mara Kinsington, who takes her hand off the light switch. She has her
briefcase in one hand and a backpack in the other. She looks very tired.

Darren: Oh, hello mother.  How was London?

Mara: The expert I was supposed to talk to wasn't very forthcoming.  But I
must tell you, Harry Beck was a genius.

Daria: What?

Mara: Well...

FLASHBACK: Mara is walking down Great Portland Street, London. A stereotypical
american tourist (Hawaiian shirt, Khaki shorts, expensive camera around his
neck, beer gut, etc.) walks up to her and starts speaking to her like she
speaks little english.

Tourist: EXCUSE ME, DO YOU KNOW HOW TO GET TO REGENT'S PARK?

Mara: (deadpan) Excuse me?

Tourist: DO YOU KNOW WHERE I CAN FIND REGENT'S PARK

Mara looks at the camera, her face has a "What the F---" look to it. she turns
around and looks at the man

Mara: Let's see, we're at Great Portland Street now...Know what? You'll
probably want to take the underground for that. Here's what I would do: Take
the Circle Line in the direction of Baker Street. Get off at the next stop.
Then get on the Bakerloo line going in the direction of Elephant and Castle.
The next stop after Baker's Street is Regent's park.

Tourist: THANK YOU (He and his wife walk into the entrance to the station)

Mara continues to walk, laughing to herself. She runs into another, young,
American, who meekly asks her.

Other Tourist (OT): Um, excuse me, can you help me figure out this underground
map.

Mara: Where are you going?

OT: Regent's Park?

Mara: (Pointing across the street, smirking) Just cross the street. Don't
bother with the underground, That'll take you at least a good twenty minutes.

The OT looks across the street, then back to her.

OT: (looking relieved) Oh. Um, thanks

Cut back to present. Darren and Miranda are laughing

Miranda: You're evil

Mara: I know. So, what's new here?

Damien: Daria, Darren, and I tried out for Othello

Mara: Oh, lovely. Who's directing?

Daria: O'Neill

Mara: Ooh, I'm sorry, Well, I'm going to bed. Night everyone

All: Night

Daria: (to Miranda) So, you really think I might get a major role?

Darren: I wouldn't bet against it

Daria: (to herself) Damn

COMMERCIAL BREAK: Stinger: Split screen of Damien giving the audiance an evil
look/O'Neill looking impressed.

Scene 6: Lawndale High

Our Heroes are walking down a hall.

Music: "Everything You Want" by Vertical Horizon

Daria: So where did they say the cast list was gonna be?

Jane: I think he said outside the Ticket Booth.

They all arrive at the ticket booth, where there is already a crowd.

Sandi: (faux happiness) Like, I'm so happy you got the part of Desdemona,
Quinn

Quinn: That's funny, I thought you would get it for sure.

Sandi: (arrogantly, of course) Yes, well, I thought you wouldn't want to be in
theatre.  Especally after what Jeffy did to you during the "Canterbury Tales"

Quinn glares at Sandi

CUT TO: Our Heroes.

Daria: Well, we know who's the ingenue

Miranda: You mean the brainless, bubbleheaded flake who spends the play
sucking up to some wimpy guy? (Mack walks by) Um, no offence Mack

Mack: None taken. I'm not too happy about it either.

Daria smirks

They get up to the cast sheet.

Brittney: A courtisan? Hey Kevvy, I'm a member of the court.

Kevin: Cool babe. I'm Cassio. Hey! I'm, like, that god dude.

They all glare at Tweedle dee and Tweedle dum as they leave.

Daria: Well?

Darren: Let's see: Upchuck gets the Duke; Joey and Jeffy are Lodovico and
Gratiano, respectively; Jamie is Rodrigo; Mack is Othello, of course; Kevin is
Cassio, with me understudying; (He looks slightly pissed off at that fact)
Brittney is Bianca; Damien is Iago, and you are Emilia.

Daria looks shocked

Miranda: I told you ya had a pretty good chance at it.

Jane: Well, at least this time he was smart to put Kevin and Brittney
together.

Darren: Why's that?

Jane: Darren, Let me tell you about what happened during the "Canterbury
Tales"

Roll Credits.

Mack as hamlet

Darren as a fighter pilot

Mara and Daria as Qui-gon Jinn and Obi-Wan Kenobi, respectively

Daria as Mike Nelson

Miranda as Jonathon Davis

Quinn as Lara Croft

Kevin as King Henry VIII

Helen as Laurie Cabot

Daria Logo

Fin

--------------------------------------------------------

There, that wasn't so bad, was it? These and any other story dealing with
Othello are pulled form real life. I was an officer in a local production of
Othello last summer. BTW, Yes, We did have a deaf person playing Iago. And he
was DAMN good I also did stage crew at my school for five years. so I should
have plenty of comic fodder. Anyway, here are the...

Endnotes:

"Hey Yui": If you were on Paperpusher's MB lately, you should know about this.
Basically, I found out recently that Ben Yee was thinking of doing a story
where Daria participates in a school play. When I read this, I considered
abandoning this and doing something else. Anyway, I put a post on PP'sMB
explaining the situation and asking whether or not I should just do something
else. The reason for posting is this: When I was in ninth grade, I had to do
this paper for english class. I spent a LOT of time deciding what I was going
to write. and, to make a long story short, When I handed it in, I found out
that, by some pure coincedence, someone else had written something along the
same lines. I found this out because when I got my paper back, I got a D and a
note saying "[name witheld] already did the same thing. Come up with something
more original next time." Unfortunately, this was at the end of the school
year. and that teacher didn't return the next year. So I didn't get to exact
my revenge. Someday though... Anyway, Yui's post said at the bottom: "You're
stuff is quite good, by the way-and I love the family you've introduced into
the Daria universe. More! More!"

"Daria: I know what Solomon would suggest" Solomon was a biblical king. This
reference refers to one of the stories about him. On time, Solomon had to
settle a case between two women who claimed to be the mother of this child.
Solomon assesed the situation, then called for a sword. saying that if they
couldn't decide who was the mother, he would just cut the child down the
middle and each woman would take half. One agreed, one didn't. The woman who
didn't was given custody of the child. This is a good thing to say to people
choosing between boyfriends (or girlfriends, for that matter)

"Andy Capp": a comic strip from England, where, appearantly alcaholism and
loveless marriages are a bit funnier that they are here. Andy is a worthless
husband who cheats on his wife, Flo, drinks a lot and is constantly
unemployed. Flo does all the work, both in and out of the house. The strip is
occasionally funny, but so bitter and spiteful that I have always had a hard
time enjoying it. Reg Smyth, the guy who drew it, died recently.

"Helen: It would be good for your sanity": My parents used to say this all the
time. They still do

"Daria: ...Kinsington/ Helen scowls": From my first fic. See, Mara Kinsington
was made a full partner at Helen's lawfirm before Helen. and She is none too
pleased about it.

"Daria: ...I join an extracurricular, if you get a hobby": A reference to Kara
Wild's fic. "Breaking the Mold" Where Daria and Helen make this kind of deal.

"Mr. Davis": In case it isn't obvious, This is the name I've given to Daria's
old flute teacher.

"Daria: Didn't we agree last time that we wouldn't bring that up?": A
reference to the episode "Cafe Disaffecto" Where Daria has to join the funding
drive for a coffee house under threat of Music Camp.

"Ms. Li's Brave New World": A reference to Canadibrit's fic "Grating
Expectations" where Jodie submits a subversive essay to the Lowdown and gets
kicked out of her activities as a result.

"Miranda: Self-Editing my arse" A reference to a notice on the Lawndale High
website on MTV's Daria website. It says that all articles submitted to the
Lowdown are subject to Ms. Li's approvial. "This isn't censorship, but self
editing." Arse is the british word for a person's ass. the word "ass" means
donkey

"Fencing Team?/ I don't think they'll let you remove the rubber tip": A
reference to the Daria Database. where Daria said that the only way she would
join the fencing team would be if she could remove the tip.

"Daria: requires facial expressions": Another Daria Database reference. This
is why she didn't want to join Drama Horizons

"Damien: What other school sponsered activity teaches you...how to pick
locks": At my old school, if you joined the stage crew, you learned how to
pick locks. I should know. I was the one teaching them.

"Upchuck: Mmmm, Happiness to their sheets": Yes, it means exactly what you
think

Brittney: Oh Pal-o-mine": a reference to the episode "Fair Enough" Palomon was
a character in the Canterbury Tales

"Mack: Zounds": (Pronounced Zoonds)A mild oath. lit. "Christ's wounds"

Darren and Damien's Scene: In case you were wondering, The scene takes place
right after Cassio loses his Lieutenantry after Iago gets him drunk gets
Cassio into a fight. Iago plans to use Cassio's pleas as proof that Desdemona,
who is married to Othello, is sleeping with Cassio.

"Tartuffe": A comedy by Moliere. about a Con man (Tartuffe) who B.S.'s his way
into the house of a nobleman. I like that play.

The Dog's names: Romie is a girl who I had a huge crush on in high school. We
remained good friends. Kiersten is another good friend of mine. Wowbagger
comes from the third book of the six book "Hitchhikers Trilogy" (Hence, it's
"increasingly inacurately named") by Douglas Adams. Wowbagger is an immortal
who got bored so he decided (or rather he found his calling was) to go
throughout the universe and insult each an every person, going alphabetically.
Also, I had to disect a cat for my Human Anatomy class, and one of my
classmates decided to give her dead cat that name.

Harry Beck: An out of work draftsman who, in 1931, was commissioned by the
city of london to map out the underground. Beck had a revelation. He realized
that, since you're underground, it doesn't matter where you are. Ergo, as long
as the stops are in the right order (with all interchanges clearly deliniated)
You can distort direction and pretty much abandon scale. This caused the map
to look more like electrical wiring system and created a new, orderly London
which had nothing to do with the rather disorderly geography of the actual
city.

Mara's subway trick: In London, Regent's Park is on Great Portland Street.
There are other places where you can do this. (Bank to Monument, for example)
You can also do this with the subway system in pretty much any city, as long
as you make sure that there isn't a direct line. One time I was in Paris with
my french class, and My teacher had me find the route between two stations in
Le Metro. I looked down the street and saw the station we were going about two
hundred yards down the street. I told him the route that I would take and I
told a couple of my friends what I was doing. then I told the rest of them I'd
meet them over there. about a half hour later, they came up to find that my
friends and I had a rather nice lunch and we did some shopping while we waited
for them. I don't think they ever realized what we did. (Sigh) I miss Paris

"A Courtisan": In case you were wondering, a courtisan was a prostitute for
well to do men

"Darren: Keven is Cassio, with me understudying" All the actors have
understudies. It's just that most of them are walk on characters, so I didn't
bother making up names for them. Desdemona's understudy will be revealed later
on in the series.

"Jane: At least this time he was smart enough to put Kevin and Brittney
together": In the episode "Fair enough" Kevin got the lead role in Canterbury
Tales, opposite Quinn. Brittney was so jealous that she drove Kevin all around
the county (If not the state) in an effort to keep him from performing.
O'Neill decided to use Jeffy as a last minute replacement, but, when they got
on stage, Jeffy ended up reading a completely different scene. Quinn got
laughed off the stage. Much to Sandi's (and her mother's) delight.

"Helen as Laurie Cabot": Laurie Cabot is a world renouned practicioner of
Wicca. Which, depending on who you ask, is a witch religion. (Some say that,
some say that Wicca is just another new age religion)

On a final note, This one was a LOT easier to write. And if you haven't
guessed, this is going to be a subseries. Thanks to all those on PP'S MB (John
T, Hello Kitty, Ben Yee, Canadibrit, Crazy Nutso, Yui, and DJ) and anyone else
who posted after I logged off, for encouraging me not to abandon the poor
thing. As I said, I was in a local production of Othello, so I should have
more than enough comic fodder. BUT; if anyone has any theatre related stories
that they would like to share. Ya know where to send them.

Here Endeth the Lesson.




