“Cold & Burning Flame”
by Wesley Willis

Well, hello again, this is “The Stunner” (one of my
aliases) with another fanfic, this is my 14th story to be
written, and I just want to say “Thanks” to all who read my
fanfics.  As always, you can e-mail me at
wesleyquai@yahoo.com with suggestions for my next story,
comments, anything you want to say at all.


Plot: Daria writes letters (to her parents and sister)
about the experience of her trip across America.

Day 1; Delphos, OH; 8:00 PM

(bus sreeches to a halt)

Driver: Ok, guys, let’s settle in for the night.

Daria(VO): Dear Mom, Dad and Ms. Obnoxious(a.k.a Quinn),
the college trip so far is great, even though some of the
kids that are on this trip are obnoxious, and the driver
looks (and speaks) like Mr. DeMartino from back in high
school. (You said that once I got into college, I wouldn’t
have to be represented with anything that reminds me of
high school. Now, what do you say?) So, let’s see, I’ve
been to Miami, Washington D.C.(No, I didn’t see the
President.), Philadelphia, New York, the US/Canada border,
the Niagara Falls, and now we’re on our way to Chicago(One
of the kids said to me that he knew somebody that worked
for “The Jerry Springer Show”, now tell me, is there
something more stupid?). With respect and angst, Daria.

Kid 1: Daria, do us all a favor and go to bed!

Daria(normal): Shut up, (bleep)! (VO) PS: God help me,
please.

Day 2; Chicago, IL; 12 noon

(Daria and the group are at a taping of “The Jerry Springer
Show.”)

Daria(thinking): What I tell you, madness everywhere. Come
on, Daria, think...of course.

(Daria helps the bodyguards against the drunk confederate)

Kid 2: What is she doing?

Kid 3: I don’t know, but, photo opportunity.

(camera sounds as Daria is fighting with the bodyguards)

Jerry: Okay, what is your name, young lady?

Daria: The name’s Daria. Daria Morgendorffer.

Kid 2: Daria, let’s go. Megan(Kid 3)’s got the photos.

Megan: Whoo-hoo, yeah, let’s go Kristin(Kid 1)!

Kristin: Ok.

Jerry Springer Crowd:...Daria! Daria! Daria...(continues as
the group leaves the studio).

At a hotel in Chicago; 7:05 PM

Group: Whoo!

Megan: Let’s make a toast, to Daria’s help fighting that
guy on LIVE TV!!!...

Group: Whoo!

Megan: ...and another toast to me for the photography of
the fight.

Group: Whoo!!

(Daria comes in and the group goes silent, and then...)

Robert(Kid 2): There she is!

(group runs to Daria as...)

Daria(VO): Dear All, Chicago was fabolous, if you saw the
live taping of “The Jerry Springer Show”, you would’ve seen
me making a fool out of myself on national TV. So, nothing
new, except that I have more friends than I need. How’s it
going with you, is Quinn still felling like she’s 16?(Tell
her that it doesn’t last forever, Ok?) Well, I’m off to
Seattle, we’re going to visit the Starbucks Coffee flagship
store. Still with respect and angst, Daria.

Day 3; Lawndale, CA; 3:00 PM

Driver: Here we are, Daria’s hometown of Lawndale.

Daria: Oh, no.

The Morgendorffer Residence; 5:00 PM

Helen: Welcome home, Daria.

Jake: Hey, kiddo. How’s Raft?

Daria: Fine, how is it...here?

Helen: Wonderful, honey. Just wonderful.

Quinn:(excited)So, is he(gasps)...(resentful) Oh, hi Daria.

Daria: Hey, sis. Mom, mind if I bring anyone in?

Helen: Of course not.

Dinner Time

Daria: Oh great, lasagna, again.

Helen: So, who’s your friend?

Kristin: My name is Kristin Smith, I’m 19, and I’m from
Boaz, AL.

Helen: Well, hi Kristin, I’m Daria’s mom, Helen, and this
is Jake, my husband...

Jake: Oh, hello Kristin.

Helen: ...and this is our other daughter, Quinn.

Kristin: Hey, Quinn, Daria’s told me a lot about you.

Quinn: Oh hiiiiii, Kristin, you look beautiful today.

Kristin: Um, thanks. (to Daria) What a wacko.

Daria: Don’t worry, some of the kids I graduated with are
real nuts, but there’s one person I always counted on in my
high school years.

Kristin: Who?

Daria: My high school buddy, Jane Lane.

(shows Kristin a picture of Jane)

Kristin: Well, no suprise here.

2 weeks later at Raft College in Boston

(Daria is in her dorm and sleeping)

Dream Scene: Daria is in a nightgown in a building with no
doors. She follows the glowing head of Jane to a candle
burning with blue fire.

Jane: Daria, blow out the candle.

(Daria blows out the candle and the building magically
disintergrates into thin air and she is left staring at the
glowing head.)

Daria: Thank you, Jane. For everything that you done for
me.

Jane: You’re welcome, freaking friend.

(the head disintegrates just like the building)

The End

Post-Fanfic:
So, this story is dedicated to a few collegiates (and
friends of me and the Willis family). So, here’s who they
are:

Megan Kilgore

Kristin Smith

Robert “Bob” Gable

Nathan Alridge(Did I spell it right, Nate?)

Will Collins

Joy and Julie Guest

And my sister, Morgan, is a senior at BHS, so this is
dedicated to her, too. So, bye, and as for the people on
this list and my fans, READ MY FANFICS!

=====
Story by Wesley Willis
