"Crossing the Line"
By Andrea Griva (AGriva@altavista.com)



summary: Jane goes too far with her Yenta act and Daria lashes out in front of all of Lawndale.


I wrote this in one sitting, it probably shows but this came straight from the
soul so don't knock it too harshly...please.





It was getting cold and the icy wind was picking up, stabbing her already
weakened body. Sure, she could have gotten a ride from Mack or Jodie, or she
could have asked to borrow one of her parents' cars but she had set on foot,
early and believing that the 2 mile walk would be nothing...stupid, stupid,
stupid. Daria had been walking for what seemed forever, though in reality, she
had really only been walking a little over an hour. As she leaned agaisnt a
tree, mentally she kicked herself for being so stubborn or proud, or both.
Jane had been out of line but that was no reason to make such a grand exit.
There was a fair going on in Lawndale with all the things one might expect to
find in one of those : cotton candy, caramel apples, menacing, hazardous
looking rides because of the state of the rides themselves and from the looks
of the people who were operating them.   Everyone, it seemed had gone to the
fair and as much as Daria hated to admit it, it was exciting. Jane had been
crazy to go from  the get-go and had been prepared to persuade Daria to come,
at all costs. Therefor, she was indeed surprised when it was Daria who,
casually, brought it up as they ate some at the Pizza King. Jane was so
enthuthiastic she immediatley began planning every single aspect of the trip;
They would set out at noon (if she could get the driver to wake up by that
time), and "they" would be Trent, who would drive, Daria, Jesse, Nick, Max and
her. Jane would be in charge of the cash and Jesse, Nick,and Max of the food,
although at first this didn't seem very wise, considering that they might eat
it all, would you really trust them with the money?  Trent and Daria would be
in charge of picking out the best rides and getting the tickets. Jane had
determined that they should probably head home at around ten, after a show
featuring a couple of bands from the neighbouring county. Daria had not said
it or even showed it, but she had grown quite excited about it. Now she
thought, she should have known better and hugging herself fiercely, she went
on walking. from the beginning, as soon as she had stepped out the door, Jane
had screamed out that there was a seat next to Trent and that Daria was the
reason the rest of them were stuck in the back, packed in like sardines since
Trent had reserved the seat next to him for her and had passionately kept it
that way . Max and Nick had teased Trent mercilessly, though he just folded
his arms,  rolled his eyes and looked ahead. He was in the driver's seat and
the shotgun seat was indeed vacant. Daria felt her cheeks flush and her whole
face burned. She shot a deadly glare at Jane, who, since breaking up with Tom,
was back into her Yenta act, but it was now a full blown assault. Daria walked
to the the Tank and  gingerly took her seat, looking out for any antique
sandwiches in the vacinity. Trent turned to her and gave her a friendly smile,
which she returned and they drove away.  Daria looked comfortable, she felt so
too, much to Jane's surprise.  Trent looked the same as always, oblivious
though he did have a sense of content in his countenace. Daria had told Jane
about the little conversation she and Trent had had at the Pizza King, but
Jane hadn't realized how much this changed the relationship between her
brother and her best friend. First of all, there was now one and secondly,
they truly did seem to like one another, not just because she was a girl and
he a boy, but because their personalities truly did seem to compliment each
other; it seemed as though they truly admired each other's personality.Jane,
had of course, took all this in stride but little did she realize know how
much damage she was doing. Daria was a person who fiercely guarded her
intimate thoughts and ideas and Trent was a person who definitely did not like
to be pushed into anything and Jane's yenta act only pushed these buttons. At
the fair, Daria and Trent proved to be a great team, being able to point out
the duds at first sight. They both seemed to agree on which rides they should
make a priority to seek out and which ones to avoid at all costs. They lead
the way as Jane watched with a smile on her face and Jesse, Nick, and Max
"discussed" what they should have for lunch. The first ride they went on was a
rollercoaster which after sharing a glance, both Trent and Daria agreed this
was a ride worth spending some mula on. Jane "suggested" that Daria and Trent
go in one car, Nick and Max in the other, and she and she Jesse in the
remaining one, she briefly shared a conspiratational smile with Jesse, though
he had no idea of Jane's conspiracy and mistook it for something else (he
tried to grope Jane during the ride but got the message when she smacked him
upside the head). Daria, however, had grown uneasy with Jane's comments and
was beginning to pull away from Trent, who also seemed to become uneasy. Daria
remembered how distant Trent had become, giving odd looks to his sister,
wondering since when she had become such a jerk. As to looks he gave her,
there were none, though she could very well be wrong since she dared not look
at him. And in fact she was, for Trent glanced at her, several times, hoping
to find a friendly face but all he found was the back of her head. The more
Jane pushed, the more Trent and Daria resisted, not only at her attempts but
they fled from one another. Three rides  and one uneventful hour later, the
group sat down for lunch on a bench. Jesse, Nick, and Max  had gone to buy
lunch and it was only Jane, Daria and Trent. Jane commented on what a great
team Trent and Daria made, both just shrugged. She then asked Trent if he was
going out with anybody to which Daria replied "Jane, I never thought you'd
want to add incest in your list of achievements; you really should stop
watching 'Sick Sad World'." Trent came up with booming laughter followed by
coughing, showing Daria his approval, by smiling at her between coughs. Daria
smiled back, happy to see Trent smile at her. Jane, a bit put off mumbled
something and looked away. Soon afterwards, Nick, Max, and Jesse arrived
carrying loads of food; big fountain drinks, corn on the cobbs, burgers,
hotdogs, pretzels, pop corn, and caramel apples. Trent, Daria and Jane, looked
at them questioningly to which Jesse simply responded "We weren't that
hungry."  Daria couldn't help but smile as she thought back to that. She was
now in  Dega Street, about a mile and too-many-to-count blocks from her home.
Going into the Funky Noodle, she decided to stop and look around; It was too
cold to be walking outside with what she was wearing (her normal outfit)and
maybe she'd find something interesting in this place. That dress that Trent
had pointed out to her a while back though it seemed to her that was it only
yesterday, immediatley caught her eye and a tears formed in her eyes. Quickly
she took one just like it off the a hanger and retreated into a dressing room,
notwanting anyone too see this sign of weakness. Locking herself in, she sat
on the floor and felt the tears stream down her face. Shortly after finishing
up lunch, her parents had come over to say hello. Jake, as always tried to act
'hip', only to come out as a fool and Helen had gone into her overprotective
mom mode, asking Jesse when he might get a shirt to cover himself up and if
any of the young men had jobs. Trent had responded they were musicians to
which Helen giggled until she realized he wasn't joking. She sat down next to
him and gave him a lecture on his duty to be a part of conventional society
which lasted for several minutes until Daria though she could take it no
longer. Thankfully, Jake began whinning about wanting to go see the ponies and
Helen gave an exasperated sigh and got up, about to walk away but not before
she added " Really Trent, how will you find somebody to start a family if you
insist on being a musician who plays brew pubs, for example, take here Daria,
do you really think she'd tolerate being the sole bread winner in the family
while you wait at home wondering when your big break will come? I don't think
so young man!" and with that, she handed him her business card "Come by on
Monday, I'll get you a job in the mail room." Daria felt repulsed and
outraged, how could her mother be so insensitive, so tactlessShe blushed from
shame, unable to look at Trent in the eye, not only because of her mother's
words, but because, she too, had had the same vision of Trent not too long
ago. Trent, however calmly put the card in his back pocket and looked at the
surface of the table. Then, it all exploded. Daria bit her lower lip as she
remembered, tears blurrying her vision nad hesitantly returning to that moment
of passion and madness. "Oh la la, Trent, it seems Helen there can't wait to
have you as a son-in-law, but really, would Daria like you as a husband,hmmm,
Daria, would you? Would you mind being the mother of his children?huh Daria,
now be honest." She wore an insolent smirk which Daria was not able to
tolerate and had slapped her across her face. Jane had gasped and the eyes of
everyone at the fair seemed to have been on Daria "That's enough Jane, you may
be my best friend but that doesn't mean I have to take this crap that you've
been dishing out!" Daria screamed, now on her feet and her face red, "That's
it Jane, I'm not taking it anymore; what my mother said to Trent was
unpardonable but your constant ribbing is even more hateful," looking around,
she saw everyone looking at her, glancing at Trent, his mouth agape, a flood
of shame at her outburst, at the show of emotion, took over her "I'm out of
here" she had mumbled and with that she ran toward the gate. She had seen
Jodie and Mack who had waved at her, the fashion club who now seemed terrified
of her, she saw Upchuck, nervously chuckling at her. It was all a blur, and
before she knew it, she was walking home. She wiped her tears with the back of
her sleeve, Trent must think she was insane, and probably most of Lawndale did
so too, she couldn't help but laughing, at least she had the room. Looking at
the mirror, she saw her eyes were red but not puffy. Her face was flushed but
at least she could face the world. She unlocked the door and stepped out.
Putting back the dress, she picked up an orange scarf and paid for it. It was
now around 5 and the sun was almost gone, leaving the sky looking sad, though
still beautiful. Fuschia, orange, fiery reds were the color of the it and
everything looked so perfect in their imperfect ways. The street lights were
on and with a scarf around her neck, she felt much more competent to walk the
remaing distance to her home, though little did she know she no longer had to
walk any further. Trent had been looking for her for the past three hours. A
few moments after Daria  left, he had recovered    and given her sister a cold
stare though he later gave her a warm hug after seeing how badly she felt and
promised her things would get better, then he took off in search of Daria. He
had been at her house, at the library, at his house, at the Pizza King. He had
stopped countless petite brunettes, always finding a stranger's face. He had
decided to go to Dega street, just off a hunch and was soon rewarded by seeing
the Daria walk out of the Funky Noodle. He parked the tank, not even bothering
to feed the meter and ran after her, although a bit hesitant after seeing her
outburst, though his respect  for her was on a whole differentlevel now; much
higher, boundering fear. He gently tapped her on the shoulder. Daria knew it
was him, she could smell his aftershave and could see his distinct shadow
agaisnt the wall. She slowly turned, her eyes glued to the the floor, looking
so vulnerable she was hardly recognizable. On the way,Trent had come up with
millions of things to say to her, millions of tender words, millions of words
which he longed to tell her, buthe was now rendered speechless. The sight of
Daria, with her flushed lips and cheeks, her red eyes and beautiful but
pitiable face looking so lonely and sad, melted his heart and made this tender
feeling in him bloom from the the pit of his stomach. He swept her into his
arms and buried his face into the side of her neck. She buried her face in his
chest and fiercely wrapped her arms around him. Never breaking away, they made
their way to the Tank and got in and drove home.


           The End...for now

Okay people, I hope you liked this because it came from the heart and out of
pure inspiration No outlines, no first drafts, I just sat and typed, not
stopping till it felt right. Yes, I'm a shipper, though a hesitant one at
that. I love reading stories in which Trent and Daria get together though I
always feel like gagging at the endings and so I didn't want to end the story
with the normal kisses  and I love you's because that's not how it happens in
real life, nor could I see something like that happen between Daria and
Trent...I mean, come on, this is Daria nad Trent we're talking about. Yet, I
did have to strech characters for the purpose of the story; Jane would never
act so obnoxious, Jesse would never be that forward (because it would require
him to act)Trent; I don't really know about him, I can't even begin to imagine
how he would react and I'm not sure Daria would ever put herself in a place
where there was a chance she would have to show her vulnerability. Anyway,
this is the first fan fic that I'm posting, there have been countless others
but I'm satisfied with this one because it just flowed out of me and I can
only guarantee a follow up when another begs to be written. Anyway, if you
feel the need to send me some feedback, go ahead.
