Story name:Damned cheesy Fanfiction
Summary: What happens when Daria gets mad and an author gets nervy?

Scene one
<Marvin Gaye is playing in the back round>

The lights were low in Trent s room. It smelled of strawberry car freshener 
<he ran out of incense> and a bottle of Boones Farm chilled in a giant blue 
bowl full of ice. Daria laid out on Trents bed and smiled coyly to Trent as 
he removed his shirt. The two had just begun the beginning of the end of 
their long awaited *time* together.

"Oh Trent, You don't know how much I love you..." Daria blushed as she said 
this

"I love you too um..love.." Trent replied back and began working on Daria's 
engine.

"HEY! wait a minute. When did this turn into a giant pile of smut?" Daria 
looked towards
the computer screen.

"Yeah, and why would I work on Darias engine? she doesn't even have a car!"
Trent got up and turned the lights back on.

<The music stopped with a scratch and the fanfic author sighed>

("Hey, I was just trying to write a story here give me some credit 
alright?")

Trent put his shirt back on and Daria straighten up.

"Well, if you're going to write Fanfiction you need to get your facts 
straight."
Daria paused, "I d never admit my true feelings for someone like that... 
especially in this <she looks around> atmosphere."

"Yeah!" Trent nodded in agreement but thought "What's wrong with this 
atmosphere?"


Daria ignores him "And this would never happen anyways.." but then looks at 
Trent. "Well maybe it would but not like this..."

"Right!" Trent agrees once more.

"I mean Boones Farm wine? Marvin Gaye? Trents room?" Daria breathed.
"Give us a little credit!"

"Damn straight." <Trent pauses> "Hey, what's wrong with my room?"

Daria turns to Trent "Nothing really.." she tries not to lay into him <not 
that way you pervert> "But, car freshener Trent??"

He just shrugs and Daria turns her attention back at the author.

"If this were to *ever* happen, at least make it realistic... and a little 
less <beat> trailer park" Daria gets up and leaves the room. Trent shrugs 
again  and goes to sleep.

("Damn fickle cartoons...." the author sighes again and starts once more)

>A black screen rises and Thong Song by Sisqo is playing<

Minutes pass and Daria walks onto the screen.

"This was just a friendly reminder to all you abusive fanfic authors out 
there. Let Trent and I do our thing the right way, the realistic way.." She 
looks back  to the set "The unappealing way..." she trails off and 
blushes... "Damn cheesy Fanfiction.." She rips off her coat and runs back to 
the bed...the lights fade
and the curtain falls..

(Author smiles..."haha, knew she couldnt resist")


<note: sorry....i dont know why...or how...or wot got me....it was horrible, 
cynical
and best of all cheesy and generic..i hope u enjoyed it as much as i didnt>
