"Daria" is Not mine, Its MTV's... blahh blahh..blahh blahh blaahh Im just
borrowing it a bit ;)




                Danceing with the Devil


    Daria stood on the edge of the cliff, she looked down taking in all that
was around her. She wondered what it would be like, to jump, to fly through
the air, to have her life taken by the earth its self, to become nothing.
Would anyone miss her? would anyone even think about her? She looked farther
across the landscape, stepping closer to the edge. She had thought about
suicide before, she never thought she was suicidal though. Sometimes she would
take a sharp knife upstairs to her room, She knew she wasn't going to kill
herself, Only flirt with the devil. She would hold the knife across her wrist
wondering "how would it feel?, to have a knife slice open my skin? To have the
skin which begs to be forever together ripped apart? To feel my very blood, my
very soul pulse out, escaping me, running, dripping, begging to go back to
where it came from...Down..absorbing everything in its path just to go to
where it craves, back to hell ." She would sit there feeling the cold knife
against her skin. "How would it feel?To die? Would I feel my soul leaving?
Would I just parish? " But as always, she put the knife back, slightly ashamed
that she thought about dying.



    Daria closed her eyes, memories flashing in her mind, Her mother always
wanted her to be someone she wasn't, her sister who ignored her presence, a
father who never noticed she was there. It always hurt, But she would never
admit it."Why admit what cant be helped?" She looked down again. "Its a long
way down" she said to noone but herself . She took a deep breath, taking in
the air of life. She felt it fill her lungs, and then leave her as quick as it
came. She turned her back on the cliff and took a step backwards, closer,
closer to where she knew she had to go. "Just do it Daria" she told her self.
She opened her arms , stretching them far in the sky, as if asking the wind to
guide her, and surround her like a blanket. She took one last breath and then
she leaned back to let the power of the earth do the rest. She was
falling..down..like blood out of a wound, down like the rain running from the
sky. She felt the air around her caresses her body as it pulled her down, Then
she felt it as she hit. It hurt. Yet she felt her self still going down, She
wanted to breath.. she wanted to fill her lungs with air again,Yet she could
not. She was still going down even though she passed the barriers. She
struggled, trying to go back up, she wanted to go back up, back to where she
came from. It felt as if hours had past, inch by inch she was making it up..
she saw the light, it pulled her to it as a lamp calls a moth, Finally she
made it to the surface and took a huge breath of satisfaction. She was
floating, she heard a laughing and turned towards it . It was Jane " Great Job
Daria!! I would have NEVER jumped from that far!! I cant belive you did it!"
Daria smirked and swam to her friend , She climbed out of the water as Jane
wrapped a towel around Daria " I only landed in water, It was safe... you
could do it Jane" Jane held her hands in front of her face..as if blocking the
thought " No Way! there are just somethings I would NEVER do!" Daria smiled ,
she was glad she decided to take this trip with Jane to Hawaii after all. She
felt a bit uneasy, She knew that she had again Danced with the devil, she
didn't want to ever lose to him. She looked at her friend and took Janes hand.
Jane looked a bit shocked, Yet pleased. "I could never let the Devil win when
I have so much" she thought to herself.



   I was bored... and so I wrote, I wasn't going to share it with anyone, But
i figured "why waste it?" and so here it is. This thing was not planned, I
just started writeing and couldnt stop untill I reached my ending. Its so
short I dont think it even counts as a fan-fiction.

 ~Essenare                    Essenare@yahoo.com
