Hello to all of you Daria fans on the other side of the ocean.
my name is Wouter Jaegers and I'm one of he biggest dutch fans from Daria
it's a shame MTV Europe Didn't finish the third seison(They stopped by "it Happened one nut") But I'll hope they'll pick it up again. Anyway I just finished my own fanfic wich is called "Daria's comatose". and a fan-fic illustration to go with it.
This is the story cut short; after seeing Trent and his band at the Zen Daria is run over by a car on her way home. Trent and Jane recognize the driver it's Ms Li. A lot of attiude changes follow as the Lanes plan their revenge. You can Mail me at wo.jaegers@planet.nl any way, here it is.
 
Daria's comatose
By Wouter Jaegers
 
Mac Grundy's pub ,a Saturday night.
Trent: Hello We are mystic spiral but tomorrow we'll might change our name.
Mystic spiral lauches in a steaming cover version of Kiss'Warmachine. (From "Creatures of the night".)
Trent : Wanna bite the hand that feeds me, Wanna turn the tide.
             Set the demons free and watch them fly, yeah
             Strike down the man that leads me, I'm gonna take his place.
             Gonna vindicate the humanrace, yeah
Trent & Jesse: You better watch out 'cause I'm a warmachine,
                        You better watch out 'cause I'm a warmachine. Oh yeah!
Watching from the audience are Daria and Jane.
Daria: Is it just me or is Trent out of songs?
Jane :  What do you mean?
Daria: That song they're playing is one of the songs from the CD I've bought him.
Jane: Oh but now I can see why.
Daria : Shut up.
Mystic spiral finishes off their gig. Afterwards Trent approches His sister and Daria  for a post-gig examination.
Trent : Whew that was one of the better nights.
Jane : I can tell by the many gallons of sweat, they've allmost washed out your tattoos.
Daria : But what did you mean with saying that tomorrow you'll have a new name.
Trent : Well All of us liked that CD you've bought so much that we've decided to name our-
            Selves after it.
Daria : ( grinning) "The Creatures of the night"? Well yeah, it'll be apropriate in the sense that
             You spend most of the day sleeping. Anyway it isn't a typical name for a Doors cover
             Band who plays Brew pubs.
Trent: Oh how I will miss hearing you say that Daria.
 
The three of them leave the club.
Trent : ( Nervesely) Gee, that's weird, why do I feal that something bad is going to happen?
Jane : Watch out Peter Parker your spider-sense is signaling danger.
Trent : No really Janey, I have this fealing something really bad is going to happen.
Daria : ( Singing from "warmachine") Armageddon is just a matter of time.
And just as she begins to cross a street a car speeds up towards her.
Trent : (In slow motion) DARIA.......WATCH.......OUT!
An interrupted scream a big thud and the sound of breaking bones are heard as Daria's glasses fly up and shatter as they hit the ground. Jane and Trent Watch in horror as they recognise the driver. It is Principal Angela Li.
Jane : (shrieking) Nooooooooo!
Trent rushes up to Daria to see if she's okay but she is far from okay.
Trent (Quivering, shaking Daria) Daria, say something.
Trent shivers as Daria Opens her eyes. The blood leaks out from the sockets.
Daria : Oh ...Trent...Here ..we..are ..finaly...in..each...other's...arms. (she coughes blood)
            Isn't....it....romantic....?   
Daria's body starts to collaps and Daria stops breathing.
Trent : Dammit Janey don't you stand there get a F***ing ambulance, now!
Jane rushes back inside the mac Grundy's while Trent is starting to perform CPR on Daria.
Daria is rushed to the nearest hospital while the police are Questioning the Lanes.
The Morgendorffers arrive at the hospital, they're all on to a nervese breakdown.
Helen: (shrieking)Where is she, I want to see her!
Jake : Me too take us to her!
Quinn is too terrified to say anything at all.
Dr Philips:( from "Ill")She's in good hands Mr & Mrs Morgendorffer, we are now 
                   working  as hard as we can to save her.
A few agonizing hours pass as Dr Philips emerges again.
Jake and Helen in unison: Well?
Dr Philips : She's alive but in a comatose of wich I fear she'll never recover.
Helen: Lemmethrough I need to see her.
As helen enters the room she finds her eldest daughter with a heart stimulator and a resparator. Daria herself looks to be peacefully asleap.
Helen: ( deeply sobbing) Oh Daria , you look so ......happy, why didn't you show me that
             Cute smile more often. (Helen breaks down.)
The next day at Lawndale Highschool isn't the usual kind of school day. Jodie notices Jane walking by herself, apperantly she hadn't found out yet about the accident that allmost killed Daria.
Jodie: Hi Jane ,what's up?
Jane looks up, and Jodie is shocked by the sight of tears in Jane's eyes.
Jane (Cracking voice) Ms Li.
Jodie: What has she done this time, it had to be something really serious to upset you this bad.
          Did she remove art class, or fire Ms Defoe?
Jane : Even if she would do that then it would be much better....
Jodie : By the way, why isn't Daria with you?
Jane:  Ms Li....she.....run over Daria in her car and nearly killed her.
Jodie: What, But how and why ?
Jodie hugs Jane as she cries. Jodie becomes furious about the crime commited by the school principal.
Jodie: ( Calming Jane down.) Allright Jane I see your point and we'll take immediate action.
           Meet me after school in student counsel, we are going to nail her this time!
Jane: (Rage in her eyes) I'm your woman Jodie, count me in!
Meanwhile in Ms Li's office.
Li: Mission completed. It's so satisfieing when a plan works out this well.
She looks at a series of pictures of Lawndale high students who are conciderd to be a threat to her regime of the school. The pictures include Daria, Jane, Jodie, Ms Defoe, Ted Dewit/Clinton and Mr O'neil. She then takes a marker and draws a cross through Daria's face.
Meanwhile at the Lane residence the band meeting is just getting started, Trent looks really sereously at the rest of his band members.
Trent : Guys I've decided that we should ditch "Creatures" and stick to Mystic Spiral.
Jesse : Why'sdat man, we all agreeded on "Creatures of the night" as our new band name.
Nick : Yeah man what made you change your mind?
Trent : Well since you're my best friends I guess I could tell you the truth. It's because of 
           Daria ,remember that music project I've promised to do for her, I've screwed up big 
           time then, ( As seen in "Jane's addiction"-W.J.) and afterwards she admitted her crush 
           on me and resenting me of never picking up her signals. When that millitiant bitch run 
           over her yesterday and she lay nearly dead in my arms she admitted she still has
           feelings for me. (A loud sob.) Daria is very special to me and that accured to me when
           she was dying in my arms, I hate myself for being so obblivious towards life in general
           (Anger in his voice tears in his eyes)and today I've decided to change all that. 
           First thing that I did this morning was going to the emploiment office so they could 
            find me a job.
Max  : What did you say? Man I can't beleive you sold out.
Trent : Well beleive it. 'cause what can you buy if there isn't anything to sell. AND lying
            In my bed isn't paying me either. Second, IF we gotto prove ourselves as a serious
            Band then why can't we proove ourselves with our old name. And what if it sounds
            Like "a Doors coverband that plays brewpubs" there are enough bands that have
            Stupid names, why did "Talk, Talk" call themselves "Talk, Talk" and what kind of
            A name is "Echo and the bunnymen" anyway, so why do we have to change?
Jesse: (Getting enthusiastic) You've got a point, why should we?
Trent:  Furthermore I've decided to increase the number of rehearsals, that way we'll be
            Building our way up to being a BAND and not four guys making music together.
            So, from now on we'll be practicing every other night, to get it right.
Nick:  Why not every night?
Trent : Because if we rehearsed the night before we wouldn't be on our toes and we'd be
            wasting more time hanging out then we should be. Further more We've got to
             Buy new equipment. Max, your kit is wasted, Jesse you need an other amp and
             Nick , since I can't hear you at all at gigs, you'll need a whole new rig.
Max :   And who is going to pay for this?
Trent : (Sinister) Remember UpChuck , the guy that sang with us on that desasterous gig?
            ( In the Daria Fanfic "The band, the sleeze, and the flygirls."-W.J.) He promised
            to buy us new instruments and left his platinum credit card here. (Brandishes it.)
Jesse : Then what are we waiting for, let's go.
Nick :  Man, I can't wait to buy that cool Gibson Thunderbird bass guitar and driving it
            through a wall of Ampeg amplifiers.
Max :   Hey guys , let's do "the biker mice from mars" yell.
Trent:  You've got it.
All :      LET'S ROCK AND RIDE!!
Trent takes a picture of Daria out of his pocket and looks at it.
Trent : (Whispering.)I'm sorry for all I did Daria, I promise to make it up to you, just don't
            die on me now.
He then joins the other band members in the tank as they go on their way to the nearest music-
store. (Probably the one on Dega street.)
Max : Say Trent, if that Ruttheimer kid is paying for all this, could I buy a new van as well?
Trent : Sure, why not, we'll call it the "Second Tank".
Max :   Nah, if we're gonna buy all that stuff we've got to buy one called "The  
            aircraftcarrier".
 
Hilarious laughter that runs out in coughing is heard through the van. Meanwhile in Lawn-
dale High school the debate over Ms Li is in full process. All the clubs are involved.
Jodie: Alright before we make a decision about what to do, I want to hear if any of you have
           any objections about this case.
Sandi : Ms Landon I don't get your point, like why should we be helping Daria 
            Morgendorffer , Like she's not in any clubs, isn't popular at all and is a complete
            fashion disaster with no friends at all.
Jane :  Now listen, you breathing Barby doll, maybe you could be the next victim of Ms Li's
           Homicidal outbursts.
Jodie: AND if she wouldn't have any friends then why is everyone gathered here in the first
           place? Personally Daria is like a goddess to me in the way that she can say and do
            whatever she wants to and she was there for me when I needed her. 
Mack : I second that, Daria isn't the type who has been dating all the guys in school BUT 
             she's the one who started the resistence against Ms Li  and she's a cult heroine in her 
             own right. PLUS why should we let our pricipal get away with manslaughter?
Kevin:  Yeah go MackDad....(Mack gives Kevin the look of death) Ooops saw-reee.
Mack :  It's alright Kevin, just remind yourself not to call me that anymore.
Brittany: Give me a "Let's , give me a "Go" , give me a "Save", give me a "Daria".
All the cheerleaders together: LET'S GO SAVE DARIA!
Jodie: Settle down please, we've got to plan this first. 
 
Meanwhile in the cedars of Lawndale hospital  is Helen and Quinn are with Daria.
Helen : (Speaking to her boss through her cellphone) To hell with that meeting Eric my eldest 
             daughter is in the hospital right now and I can't leave her, have a heart please. (She
             hangs up the phone) Why didn't I see this earlier I've sacrificed my duties as a mother 
             for this damn carrier, why did it take such a tragedy to make me realize that.
Quinn: No mom that's not true, you did a great job raising Daria and me.
Helen: But why is she so different compared to you ?
Quinn : (Quivering) I had a lot to do with that, I was the one who always got the most 
              attention from you and dad, when Jane came over for our birthday I overheard the 
              conversation that she and Daria had. (As can be found in the fanfic "It's my party and 
              I'll cry but not in front of you."-W.J.) she told Jane about that time when Dad took a 
              picture of Daria and me fighting. I remember telling you that she tried to choke me
              wich was far from true, it was just an innocent sibling wrestle. I never knew you 
              took her to a therapist for five years. Why did you do that for mom?
Helen :  I was worried for you sweetie, Daria always looked with a menacing look at you.
Quinn : Can you blame her, she never got the attention I got and resented me for that. And 
             now that she's lying here I finaly understand how much pain it must have caused her 
             to live like that for all those years. It was also the first time I ever saw her cry , really
             cry and Jane was there to comfort her. That's real friendship mom, I envy Daria for 
             having that kind of friends who love you for what you are and who are there for you 
             when you need them. (Sobbing) She was right all along , she's a winner in her own 
             right even though she's not into fashion and doesn't date all the popular boys in 
             school. Jane's brother Trent always referred to me as "Daria's sister" to insult me but
              now I see it more as a compliment , an honor to be a sibling to Daria.
Helen : That is so sweet of you to say. But I did do something that made Daria what she is
             now. When I went to college I took her with me and she always crawled round the 
             library and the rest of the students showed her their books and started reading to her,
             she always loved to go there and she always was a welcome sight.
Quinn : Well that explains her love affair with books and why she's so quiet.
Helen : When I finished college I was pregnant again, you were born shortly after. So I had a
             lot more time raising you. I now realize that I made the same mistakes as your grand-
             mother Barksdale. She always payed more attention to Rita and I always resented her
             for that, when Daria was born and I became a mother myself I set out to prove to her 
             that I could be a better mother. Allas the truth is that history keeps repeting itself. Just
             look at her, you know I always thought she resembled  your aunt Amy.
Quinn:  Why yes, when I met aunt Amy at Cousin Erin's wedding it felt like meeting an adult 
              version of Daria, they sure have a lot in common, wich explains why they can get 
              along so well.
Helen : (Smiles) That's another Barksdale tradition that lives on, I had an aunt too who was a 
             big cynical woman and she and Amy were really close too.
Quinn:  What ever happens mom, I just want you to know that I love you, all of you.
Helen : (Hugging Quinn)Oh Quinn, I always knew there was more to you then that self -
             absorbed attitude you always carry around. 
Quinn : ( Jokingly)Well DUH!
 
Meanwhile Jane, Jodie and Tom are arriving at the Lane residence dicussing Jodie's plan to take revenge on Ms Li.
Tom : So basicly we sneak inside her office in order to find evidence that proves that Ms Li was trying 
           to kill Daria, Idiotic plan Jodie, let's do it.
Jodie :(to Jane) I'm beginning to understand what you see in him, he's as sarcastic as Daria is.
Jane : (Smiling) If Daria were born a boy, this is what she'd turn out to be.
As they enter the house they see something strange, all the musical gear is piled up in the living room.
Jane : Well what do you know, I guess Trent has found a new place to rehearse with his band.
Jodie: (Hears the ticking of counting drumsticks from the basement) Errr, Don't count on that Jane.
And suddenly they hear Mystic spiral launch in a louder then ever version of "warmachine" But it sounds different, more focussed, in a better tighter sound but most of all much louder.
Jane : I don't get it, how can they be playing if all their gear is over here?
Curiously they enter the basement to see them play on brand new instruments, Max is sitting behind a black double bass drum kit with a seemingly endless row of cymbals and toms, toting "Mystic" on the left bassdrum and "Spiral" on the right. Nick is wielding a black Gibson "Thunderbird" wich is delivering it's "Thunder" through two giant Ampeg Bass amplifiers and an equally brand new Music-man  5-string bass guitar is resting in it's case. Jesse is playing his new Ibanez Joe Satriani guitar through a Marshall amplifier and Trent is wailing away on his B.C.Rich "Mockingbird" through a Peavey 5150 Eddy van Halen Amplifier. They all are capable of hearing each other through a brand new P.A. system.
 
As they finish off the song Trent looks up and sees Jane actually applauding.
Jane : I don't know how on earth you could afford all that stuff, but it really made you a better
          band.
Trent : (Wielding Upchuck's credit card) One hazardous gig with the love child of David Lee
            Roth and Jerry Lewis will do that to a band. Anyway, how is Daria?
Jane : The doctor said she'll survive, in fact it's just a matter of time before she'll wake up.
Jodie : And you guys just gave me the perfect reason for distracting Ms Li into leaving her office.
Trent : Level with us Ms Landon, what are you up to, Mystic spiral is at your service.
Jodie begins to smile evilly. 
 
The next morning in Lawndale High, Jodie is called upon by Ms Li, they are going to discuss another fund raiser. As Jodie enters Ms li's office she carefully monitors the place using a pen with a hidden photo camera.
Li : Now Ms Landon, what do you think would be a perfect fund raiser?
Jodie : Well, I've been asked by the drama club to bring up the idea for a festival, witch 
            would involve a play, poetry, art and of course music. Think of it as Lawndale style
          "Woodstock". The culture of that time is highly popular not only with students but with 
            their parents as well.
Li : Yes that sounds very good, we'll do that. Ooh as I think back to those days...Anyway, 
        inform the clubs that I agree and that participation is mandatory, you can go now.
As Jodie walks out of the office the rest of the crew is already waiting for her.
Jane : Well?
Jodie : Victory!
Jane : Splendid, I'll go to the Morgendorffers to tell them the good news.
As Jane arrives at the Cedars of Lawndale hospital, she's welcomed by the sight of  Amy Barksdale.
Jane : Ms Barksdale, glad to see you.
Amy : Concidering the circumstances, I'm happy to see you too Jane.
Jane : Listen, we've arranged a plan to get to the person who did this to her.
Amy : Level with me, I'll help.
Jane starts to tell her of the festival. Meanwhile in Daria's room.
Helen : What a relieve to hear that Daria's condition is stable again, isn't it Jake?
Jake : Youbetya ,you know Helen, I've been thinking about how we've been raising our kids and I 
           really think we did a nice job, Daria has blossomed into an intelligent young lady who is 
           independent and some one who will really make it far into this insane world we're living in.
           And Quinn is also about to blossom into a strong, HANDSOME, young lady who's nobody's 
           fool. In another word we've pulled it off. And if YOU can hear me old man, I've been a better 
           father then you were!
Helen: You've always been a great father Jakey and I think You'll be a good role model for Daria's
            Boyfriend,  Trent. He reminds me of you when you were his age.
Jake :   Yeah he contacted me saying he was looking for a job, he told me that he's changing his ways
             and wants to start a serious life. At least the silence I've kept towards my own father when he 
            was still alive has payed off I'm a real man now, and that is the ultimate revenge.
Helen : (hugging Jake) Oh Jakey, you've always been a real man to me.
Jake : Come to Poppa, Mommy.
Suddenly they hear coughing and murmer coming from Daria, she's starting to wake up.
Jake : Can it be? Yes she's waking up! Nurse, Quick get Dr Philips in here. 
Helen: Daria, can you hear me sweetie?
Daria : (Very weakly) Mom.....I......love........you.
Helen : I do too sweetie, I do too.
 

A few days later, Daria learns about the plan when Jodie , Mack, Jane, Tom and Trent visit her.
Daria: This is one of the most stupid of all plans you've come up with Jodie and that's why I
           Approve.
Jodie:  While your mother plans a court case against Ms Li, the clubs and Mystic spiral will
            keep her occupied while Jane and I gather evidence in her office.
Daria : Mystic spiral, I thought you were changing that to "Creatures of the night"?
Trent:  I changed my mind, I really would miss hearing you say that it sounds like a "doors
           cover band that plays brewpubs". 
Daria : Whoa, it seems my encounter with death has had its advantages.
Jodie : (laughing)Yeah. Now let's look at those pictures I took at Ms Li's office.
They all gather around to discuss their plan.
 
A little while later after the rest of the visitors have left the hospital, Trent decides to have a heart to heart with Daria.
Daria : Trent, what are you doing still here?
Trent : I needed to talk with you in private, there's a lot that I have to get off of my heart.
Daria : Well then, out with it.
Trent : First I wanted to say that I'm sorry for being not serious about that school project you 
            wanted to do with me. I was a jerk for being so slack. When you told me about the 
            feelings that you held for me I felt so.....guilty in my way of not picking up your 
            signals. I now understand what you had to sacrifice to get close to me, believe me, I 
            wouldn't have mind if you would have refused to pierce your bellybutton.
Daria : But I DID refuse.
Trent : But still you did get your bellybutton pierced, I remember talking to Janey afterwards,
            She couldn't stop laughing about the moment when you came to your senses again,
            she told me that I brought out the woman in you. But at what price, you really didn't 
            have to do that, you were always cool to me. 
Daria : Well that "Bringing out the woman in me" part is true, when I showed Jodie my navel-
            ring she said that it was cool as long as I didn't do it for a guy. But there was also a 
            second reason for me to actually do it, I was jealous about Monique, I felt like I could 
            never compete with someone like her.
Trent : Well Yeah, Monique is cute and there is not such a big age difference between me and
            her, but you're twice the woman she is, Monique is more a "Love em and leave em" 
            type of girl. Her kind of loving is based on phisical attraction. You're more interested
            in the inner persona.
Daria : Yes but you are such a handsome man too, as lazy and oblivious as you can be.  You 
            are so kindhearted, always ready for anybody. Jane Gave me this picture,(she picks up 
            a photo wich shows Jane and Trent when they were a lot younger.) she told me about  
            you always taking care of her, you were always there to comfort her when she  
            couldn't take it anymore, she showed me the scars on her wrists that you took care of 
            after she tied to commit suicide. Then she told me why she always tried to get us to get 
            together because she thought I needed someone who can take care of me like you took 
            care of her.  
Trent : Yes but how can I truely take care of someone if I can't take care of myself?
Daria : That's not true, You maybe the one who spend most of his life sleeping but you did a
            Fine job looking after the house when your parents weren't there. Quinn and I could
            never do that, most of all because we don't get along but you and Jane are really close, 
            she's not just your sister, she's your best friend too.
Jane peaks through the side of the door overhearing the conversation, she lets out a few tears.
The next couple of days pass in a haze, Helen is filing charges against Ms Li, Jodie and company are finishing up the preparations for the Lawndale High school Festival, Quinn is dating a whole stream of boys,(What else should she be doing besides that?) Daria is recovering from her injuries  and before they all know, the big day arrives. A medium sized truck pulls up on the parking lot of Lawndale High school, the driver can be identified as Max, Mystic spiral's drummer, who seemingly has used Upchuck's money to buy a new vehicle. 
 
Jodie:  Ah, it seems that our main event has arrived.
Jane: As hard as it is to admit this Jodie, it seems like Upchuck's existence has been justified.
Upchuck: Well my fair ladies, to what do I owe the honor of  hearing you speak of me in such 
                 a flattering manner?
Jane: Honestly Upchuck, you had a wonderful influence on my brother's band after that gig a 
          few months back. I'm sure Trent would like to thank you if he were here.
Upchuck: Well, I don't know what to say, just tell him that it was my pleasure.
Upchuck leaves.
Jodie: (Snickering) Yeah, it was his pleasure for letting Trent drain out his credit card.
Jane: (Chessire cat smile) Boy, what I wouldn't give to see his face, not to mention his 
           FATHER'S face when the bills arrive.
Jodie: We could ask Tom to follow him and take his picture when that happens.
Jane: Yeah, and sell them at school, I'm sure that it will be a best seller.
Jodie: And I guess Ms Barch will buy the most copies of it.
Jane: Glad to be Female.
Tom arrives.
Tom: Jodie, Jane, all is set and ready to go.
Jane: Splendid, let's take the final instructions trough and get started.
A moment later are all the students involved gathered around the Mystic spiral truck.
Ted De wit/Clinton: Alright Tom and I made a loop from the video image that the camera
                                shows from her office, so you, (Jodie)Amy and Jane will have all the time
                                to do your thing in there.
Tom:  There is one thing that Ted remarked about that bookcase, it seems to be shifting 
           shelves.
Ted:  Yes, take a look at this picture I took of Ms Li for the school yearbook and the picture
         Jodie has taken with that hidden camera.
Trent:  Well I'll be a blue nosed gopher, the mid shelf is different.
Tom: Also note that the boards in the middle section are doubled.
Jane: That would indicate a secret door but we don't have evidence that there would be a
         secret room behind it.
Amy: As a matter of fact Jane, we do have that evidence. I went to the library in search of the
         original blueprints of the school and it turns out that the room of Ms Li's office 
         originally had a stairway to the basement. And in the current blueprint her office is 
         about five feet shorter then that it was on the original blueprint. 
Jodie: Sherlock Amy Barksdale.
Amy gives a Daria-like Mona Lisa smile.
Trent: Well I guess Daria has some cool relatives at all.
Amy: Why thank you, "Jane's Brother".
 
The festival is starting, the whole scene of circus artists and musicians is parading on the parking lot of Lawndale high. And the people of Lawndale are all having a great time.
Ms Li and the mayor of Lawndale are watching the fun as well.
Mayor: I'll say you did a very good job at organizing yet an other school event, Ms Li.
Ms Li: Oh well, happy students are the signature of a good high school, wouldn't you think? 
Mayor:  They certanly are Ms Li. What do you think if we participated in the festivities as 
              well by going to the shooting range?
Ms Li: You're on! 
 
But every step they make is carefully monitored by the many people in the complot, whom all are speaking to each other through small headsets.
Ted: (Watching from the roof) Alright, Mack they're going your way. 
Mack: (From the shooting range) O.K. I'll keep them occupied for as long as possible.
Trent: (Setting up his equipment) We are almost ready for our performance, so good luck to
            you Janey, Amy and Jodie.
Jane: (from inside the air filtration system of Lawndale high) Thank you Trent, O.K. Tom are
          you ready to start the tape loop?
Tom: All ready and steady to go Sweetheart.
Jodie: O.K. SHOWTIME!
Tom: Tape is rolling Jane.
Amy: Alright then.
Amy gives kicks the air filtration roister open and the three of them enter Ms Li's office.
Jodie starts to exam the cupboard, but can't seem to find the device that opens the door.
Jodie: Damn, I can't get it open.
Jane: (Leaning on the Buddha statue that Ms Li has on her desk) There has got to be a device
           to open that door, but where? 
Suddenly it shifts, sending Jane to the floor and opening the door.
Amy: Well what do you know, hurting your butt has opened the door.
Trent: (trough the intercom) We are starting our performance now, good luck, out.
Jodie , Jane and Amy are gathering down the stairway, the sight that awaits them shocks them deeply.
Jane: Oh my god, just look at all this stuff.
Jodie: (Looking at the surveillance camera screens.) She...she even has camera's fitted 
           INSIDE the toilet pots. This is scandalous.
Amy: And take a look at this,(shows them the list of people with Daria's face crossed out)
          you two are on this list as well. 
Jane: And look over there, a whole video collection.
Jodie: (Reading a few titles) "The best boys' butts taken from the boys room". Eeww that Ms
            Li is a real pervert. "The mis-education of the Lane siblings"....
Jane: What, were we delibertly sacked from school?
Jodie: (shocked) Oh no....."The assasination of Daria Morgendorffer".
Amy: Let's watch that tape.
Amy inserts the tape into a VCR and they see Ms Li installing a camera in her car, driving it down the lane towards Mac Grundy's, parks her car just around the corner and waits. They suddenly see Jane, Trent and Daria coming out of the pub and crossing the street.
Ms Li: (On the tape) Oooooh splendid, there is an opportunity to catch them all at once.
They then witness the most painful scene, in full gruesome detail.
Jane: (Holding the tape) Alright Ms Li you're going to go to jail for a long time when the
         police will receive this tape.
Voice behind them: BUT THEY NEVER WILL!
Jodie, Amy and Jane turn around to see Sandi and Linda Griffin standing at the stairs aiming guns at them.
Sandi: As I said before Jodie, I don't understand why we should help that ugly non-popular 
           bitch, she was nothing but trouble to me. So I told my mother AS WELL as Ms Li 
           about your stupid plan. 
Linda: And furthermore, she decided to let us watch her office and gave us clearance to shoot 
           anybody who broke in, and since that sister of Helen is with you, it will give me even
           more satisfaction.
Sandi: So you are Quinn's Aunt, that means you're Daria's mother, the two of you DO look
           alike.
Jane: Well out with the truth it seems, Helen is Daria's mother, Quinn has been lying all the
          time and you were so stupid not to notice, I mean: Two girls with the surname
          Morgendorffer enter Lawndale high at the same time and why do YOU think Daria 
          spent so much time at the morgendorffer household, WELL HERE'S WHY,
          BECAUSE SHE AND QUINN ARE SISTERS! Well unfortunally this had to be told 
           on my dying day.
Voice behind them: Fortunally that day will probably be way ahead in the future.
Sandi and Linda turn around and see Helen and a whole bunch of policemen standing there.
Captain: And to think we were only coming in to arrest Ms Li and here you are presenting me
               with a silver platter of violations. Mrs and Ms Griffin you are really busted now.
Helen: And the evidence gathered here will provide you with enough proof for putting Ms Li
           away for a long time.
The policemen are starting to cuff the Griffins.
Captain: You are very lucky, if Mrs Morgendorffer hadn't told us of this, I must admit, well
              organized plan of yours, you would have been handcuffed as well. 
Jane: Yes but the biggest shark of them all is still out there.
 
Meanwhile on stage are Mystic spiral having one of their most successfully performances ever, Trent and the boys are really wailing away. Watching from the side of the stage are Ms Li and the Lawndale Mayor.
Trent: Ladies and Gentlemen we are honored to have with us on stage the girl who made us
           who we are today, DARIA MORGENDORFFER!  
A wheelchair with Daria in it comes in to view, Ms Li Turns Ghost white, the girl she tried to kill is still alive. 
Mayor: Oh isn't that sweet, he dedicates this performance to that poor girl.
Ms Li: Errrr......Yes that is very sweet..........
Daria: Thank you Trent, (Speaking to the audience) I want to dedicate this next song to our 
           beloved principal, Ms Angela Li.
Mystic spiral launches in to a steaming cover of the Doors' "Riders on the storm".
Daria: (Singing the second verse) There's a killer on the road, 
             his brain is curled up like a toad.
             Take away his holiday and lets his children play. 
             If you will give this man a ride sweet DARIA will die,
             Killer on the road.
Ms Li is now seriously starting to sweat, not only is Daria Still alive But she also knows about her crime. The police captain approches the Mayor.
Captain: Well Mayor are you enjoying yourself?
Mayor:  I certanly am, this whole festival is just wonderful. Take for instance this band, they
             dedicated their whole performance to that girl, the poor thing is all busted up. 
Captain: And what about you Ms li, are you enjoying another fundraising festival in order to 
               transform your school into a prison with cameras in the toiletpots and are you 
               enjoying the singing of the girl you delibertly ran over in your car nearly killing her? 
Mayor: What are you talking about?
Ms Li : Yes how did you found out about that, Errr I mean what are you talking about? 
Captain: Ms Angela Li, I'm placing you under arrest for violation of civil liberties and an 
              attempt to manslaughter.
Ms Li: Who told you about this?
Mayor: Ms Li, are you saying this is true?!
Ms Li runs off past the amplifiers of Mystic spiral but Trent spots her and pushes the heavy speaker cabinets over in order to stop her. The cabs land right on top of her and the policemen seize her. 
Captain:  Thanks for helping us, Mr Lane. I hope your Amplifier isn't too damaged.
Trent:  Nah, these were built to last.
Captain:  As I was saying Ms Li; You are under arrest, you have the right to remain silent and
               anything you say can and will be used against you.
Daria:  And as I told you a few months back; If you make a deal with the devil, then you have
            to know that your playing with fire. This is my wrath Ms Li, the wrath of Daria
            Morgendorffer.
 
EPILOGUE.
Ms Angela Li was found guilty of charges against her ranging from attempted murder and violation of civil liberties. She now serves a life sentence in the dakota state prison where she got the nickname "Mrs Hitler".  Linda and sandi griffen were found guilty on the charges of Illigal weapons possession, they were sentenced each for one year is lawndale prison.
Daria Morgendorffer received one hundred thousant dollars from the lawndale high school to compensate for her suffering. She fully recovered from her injuries.
Summer, Wind, Penny, Trent and Jane Lane received a public pardon from Lawndale high school  making them honorary students.
Mystic spiral got a record deal with mercury and recorded an album called "The wrath of the brain" and dedicated that album to Daria.
 
                   THE END. 
 
 
 

(Well, almost)
Tom: Hey charles, Trent has asked me to take a picture of you for the promotion tour of his
          band.
Upchuck:  Why, that's very nice of him, come to my house so you can shoot the tiger in his
                  natural habitat.
But as they enter the Ruttheimer household.
Charles Ruttheimer Jr: Charles Ruttheimer the third, we need to talk about your outrageous
                                     spending of money!
Upchuck:  What do you mean Dad, I haven't bought anything for the last couple of weeks
                  except for my usual magazines.
C.R.Jr: Well this bill shows otherwise!
Upchuck: What bill?
Charles Ruttheimer Jr gives Upchuck the bill for all the perchages Trent made
using his creditcard. As Upchuck begins to choke in horror and isn't able to
tell his father where the cost comes from, Tom smiles and takes a picture.....
