Daria and Quinn Switch Bodies
By Nada Rowls

Description:
The title says it all:Daria and Quinn accidentally switch bodies after
fighting.They try to  get  eachother in trouble,and they both suceed.But will
they ever get their bodies back?

(Scene 1:Daria and Quinn are in their living room.Quinn is chatting on the
phone with Sandi and Daria is watching T.V.)

Daria:Quinn!Get off the phone,I have to talk to Jane.(Quinn glares at Daria
and sticks her tongue out)
Daria:Quinn,don't make me disconnect you.You know I'll do it.(She turns off
the T.V.)
Quinn:Sorry Sandi.I gotta go.(She slams the phone on the receiver.)
Quinn:Why do  you always have to do that?!
Daria:Do what?
Quinn:Act like a total jerk just because I have more friends than you!
Daria:Quinn,I don't care what you think.Now just give me the phone,now.
Quinn:No.
Daria:Quinn,what are you doing?(Quinn takes the phone and shoves it under a
cushion and sits on it.)
Quinn:If I can't have it,no one can.(The phone starts ringing under the
cushion.There's a beeping noise and Stacy comes on the line)
Stacy:(Muffled)Hello?Hello?Is this thing on?Quinn?Are you there?
(Helen walks in from the kitchen.)
Helen:Quinn,why is your butt talking?
Quinn:Long story.
(Helen walks upstairs)
Daria:Quinn,I'm serious.
Quinn:So am I.
Stacy:Hello?Oh my God!Is something wrong?!Are you being held hostage,or
something,and you can't get to the phone?!Oh my gosh!Don't worry Quinn's
family!I'm coming to save you!(The phone beeps and turns off.)
Daria:Oh,great.Now look what you've done.If you hadn't have put your big butt
on the phone,Stacy wouldn't have gotten all excited.
Quinn:Fine,here,take the stupid phone!(She chucks the cordless phone at Daria
and misses by a mile.It bounces off a lampshade and clatters to the floor and
breaks into  peices.)
Daria:You brainless-twit,look what you did!Mom and Dad are going to kill you!
Quinn:I didn't mean it!You should've caught it!
Daria:Oh,no.Don't you DARE try to blame this one on me.
Stacy:(Muffled.Sparks fly out of the phone)Oh!Quinn,did your house blow up?It
sounds like your phone is on fire or something!Oh,I'll be there in a minute!
(Daria and Quinn look down at the phone and watch it burst into flames.Quinn
lets out a high,squeaky scream.)
Quinn:Do something!
Daria:(Stares angrily)Now look what you've done!(She grabs a cusion and slaps
the phone with it.Soon the fire is out,leaving a large burnt mark on the
floor.The air instantly smells like burning plastic and smoke.)
Quinn:Oh,no!That was Mom's favorite cushion!The one that the ring bearer
carried her wedding ring on at Mom and Dad's wedding!Now it's burnt to a
crisp!YEEEESSSSS!!!
Daria:It was?
Quinn:Well,duh!Who's Mom and Dad gonna kill now?YOU!
Daria:AND you.But still,why would she have her favorite cushion lying in the
living room?
Quinn:I dunno...
(Jake and Helen sprint down the stairs.)
Jake:What happened?!We smelled smoke!
Helen:My floor!
Daria:Well,Quinn threw the-
Quinn:And Daria tried to killed the fire-
Daria:And the phone fell and broke-
Quinn:So then she smothered it with your wedding cushion-
Daria:And then it eploded into fire-
Quinn:And then the whole cushion was burnt-
Helen:Whoa,whoa,whoa.Daria,you go first.
Daria:Well...Quinn was jabbering on and on on the phone with Sandi and The
Fashion Club,and I wanted the phone so she sat on it,because I wanted to call
Jane,so then she threw it at me and completely missed and  then it fell to
the floor and broke and then it burst to flames!So then I smothered it with a
cushion.
Helen:QUINN!You're so lucky that your sister was there to put out the fire!
Daria:Yeah,Quinn.
Quinn:But Mom!Daria smothered it with your ring-bearer cushion!
Helen:(gasps)No!Daria!Is this true?!
Daria:Well,I didn't realize it!Well,at least we're all safe from that
tremendous fire.(Sarcastic,but trying to convince her parents)
Quinn:That fire was so tiny!A MONKEY could have put out that fire!
Daria:Some hero you are.You're the one who was screaming like it was a
monster.
Quinn:Yeah,well,alot of things could go through a girl's mind when something
like that happens!Or at least a NORMAL girl!
Daria:Which is something you're not.
Quinn:Whatever.
Helen:I can't believe this!The floor is burnt,my cushion is burnt,my world is
burnt!(Bursts into tears)
Jake:Honey,calm down!That's it!You two are grounded!Go to your rooms!
Daria:Dad!
Jake:Go!
Daria:I save the house and our lives as well and I get grounded?!
Quinn:The fire was ten times smaller than a bonfire!
Daria:Yeah,maybe from your point of view!You were in the corner whimpering
like a baby!
Quinn:Was not!
Daria:Shut up.(Just then,Stacy busts through the front door with a big axe
and a water gun.)
Stacy:Where's the fire?!!!
(Scene 2:Upstairs)

Quinn:Daria!How could you do this!
Daria:Do what?
Quinn:Get us grounded!
Daria:You Brat!You're the one who threw the phone!
Quinn:Yeah,but if you hadn't have used the cushion,we would have gotten a
lighter punishment!
Daria:You think this is bad?Just staying in your room?That's not so bad.
Helen:You're right.(She suddenly appears in front of Daria and Quinn.)
Quinn:Mom!
Daria:Uh...Did you hear what I just said?
Helen:Yes,and I agree with you entirely.After I explained everything to
Stacy,I decided to come up here and talk to you to about a better
punishment.But instead of sending you to your rooms,Jake and I will send you
to eachother's rooms,instead.
Daria and Quinn:NNNOOO!!!
Helen:Aren't I just a genious?
Daria:No,I have the brains of the family,remember?
Quinn:Mom,please!
Daria:I'll die in her room!
Quinn:And it looks like someone ALREADY died in HER room!
Daria:Please,Mom!
Helen:Go,NOW!
Quinn and Daria:FINE!(They march into eachother's rooms and slam the doors.)

Scene 3:Daria's Room.

Quinn:(Voice-over)I can't believe I'm in this horrible room!It's so dark and
creepy!I wonder what Daria could be doing in my room?(She picks up Daria's
skull and drops it immediatley on the floor.)
Quinn:(Voice-over)Well,might as well take a nap,so I don't have to stare at
this ugly room!.(She lies down on Daria's bed and falls asleep.)

(Quinn's Room)

Daria:This is so stupid!Why do I have to stay in this girly room?!Wait,why am
I talking to my self?(Voice-over)Oh well.I'm going to bed.(She throws herself
on Quinn's bed and drifts to sleep.)

Scene 4:Daria's Room

(Quinn wakes up)
Quinn:Ahhh...I'm hungry...(Walks past a mirror.Makes a double-take while
looking into the mirror.She looks just like Daria,and she's even wearing her
clothes,and her voice sounds just like Daria's.)
Quinn:OH MY GOD!!!I'M DARIA!!!That's right,I'm still in her room!Maybe I'm
dreaming!(Pinches herself)OW!Oh,NO!I'm not dreaming after all!But this can't
be true!(She runs out of Daria's room and walks to her room.)

Quinn's Room

Daria:(Wakes up with a yawn)This is so lame.
(Looks down at her hands and clothes.She looks just Quinn,and she is also
wearing Quinn's clothes,and her voice sounds just like Quinn's.)Whoa!No.I'm
hallucinating.This-is-not-real.I-am-dreaming.(She pinches her
self.)Ow.Okay,so I'm not dreaming.This is definately not good.(Runs out the
room and bumps into Quinn.)
Quinn:(Gasps and screams)You're me!
Daria:And I'm you.
Quinn:Stop it!I know this is just one of your stupid ideas!
Daria:Since when do I come up with stupid ideas?
Quinn:Well...Just-DO SOMETHING!!!I can't believe this!
Daria:Well,it's real...I think...oh well...
(Jake appears next to them)
Jake:Hey!Now what happened?
Quinn:Me and Daria switched bod-(Daria claps her hand over Quinn's mouth.)
Daria:Oh,we're just...acting like complete idiots.
Quinn:(Slaps Daria's hand away)Which is something you normally do!
Jake:Oh.Well,come down for dinner,girls.We made lasagna.(Goes downstairs)
Quinn:You idiot!Why didn't you let me tell them what happened?!
Daria:If you told them what happened,they wouldn't believe us!Then they might
send us to a shrink or something!
Quinn:Oh yeah!
Daria:Yeah...Well,at dinner,try to act like me.You should know enough.Just
use big words and stuff.Or better yet,don't talk at all.
Quinn:You better act like me then.
Daria:In other words,act like a total idiot.(They trott downstairs)
Daria:Hi family which I love so much!(Helen and Jake stare)
Helen:Uh-Hi,Quinn.
Quinn:(Whispering in Daria's ear)What are you doing?!You know I would never
say that!(Daria acts like she never heard that.)
Daria:Oh,I wish I could be more like Daria.She's such I great girl.My world
would be such a dump without her.
Quinn:You little-
Helen:Wow!Quinn!I never knew you had so much compassion for you sister!
Jake:Maybe sending them to their rooms did have a good affect on them!
Daria:Yes.All hail Daria.(Gets down on her hands and knees and bows up and
down)
Quinn:Daria!Stop it!
Helen:Daria,why are you talking to yourself?
Jake:Maybe you should come sit down.(They both sit across from eachother)
Helen:Well,now.Isn't this nice?
Quinn:I hate Quinn!(She scoops up a handfull of lasagna and hurls it at
Daria's face.It splatters and dripps all over the place,soaking the walls
behind Daria with sauce andJake and Helen,too)
Helen:DARIA!HOW DARE YOU!!!!!
Daria:You jerk!(She throws her whole dish of lasagna at Quinn's face)Daria
sucks!
Jake:Quinn!How dare you say and do that?!
Daria:You suck too!(She chucks more lasagna at Jake)
Quinn:Oh,no you don't!(She throws lasagna at  Helen)
Daria:Oh,yes,I do!(She throws lasagna at Jake and Helen.Jake throws lasagna
at Quinn and Helen throws some and Jake)
Daria:Cool.(She throws some at Quinn,while Helen throws some at
her.Suddenly,everyone is throwing lasagna at eachother and they whole room is
splattered with sauce and lasagna noodles.)
Helen:STOP-STOP-STOP!!!(Everyone stops throwing)Daria and Quinn!You will
clean up this room right NOW!THen,you will each go to your rooms and will be
grounded for a month!Jake,c'mon,lets go take a bath.
Daria:Mom!You're stupid!
Helen:Quinn!How dare you say that!Well...You get get a month and three weeks!
Quinn:Hey!Oh!Look at me!I'm breaking a window!(She throws a pot at a window
and it shatters and breaks)
Helen:That's a month and three weeks for you,too,Daria!And you'll have to pay
for that window,I hope you know!(Helen and Jake run upstairs.Daria and Quinn
start to clean up the kitchen.When they are done,they lie down on the couch)
Quinn:This sucks.
Daria:Yeah...do you think we'll ever get our bodies back?
Quinn:I wish we could.
Daria:Yeah,so do I.I'm going  to sleep.
Quinn:Yeah,me too.
(They both fall asleep on the couch.Suddenly,after half an hour,they both
jerk awake.Quinn is in Quinn's body,and Daria is in Daria's body)
Daria:We have our bodies back!
Quinn:Yes!
Daria:I don't believe it!Wait-When we slept in eachother's atmosphere,which
means our rooms,we hated eachother so much,our bodies switched!That has to be
it!
Quinn:Yeah,I guess you're right.So that explains everything!(Just then,they
heard Helen and Jake yelling upstairs)
Jake:Helen!You look just like me!
Helen:And Jake!You look just like me!
Daria:Maybe switching bodies runs in the family?

                          The End
