Daria's Reality

   
        Daria and Jane are in Jane's room watching(how apropriately)
Sick Sad World.


 T.V.:How do your socks get lost in the wash??....Sock stealing
martians on the next
Sick Sad World.

Daria:I always did wonder where my socks went.
Jane:One of the great mysteries of life.
Daria:Definatly. What time is it?
Jane: Quarter to five.
Daria: Damn, I have to go home for dinner.
Jane:Ask if you can eat over here then stay the night.
Daria:Just as long as I don't have to wear a pink, fluffy nightgown
again.
Jane:Fine, I guess I could find something for you to wear.
Daria: Okay I'll call.

Daria picks up the phone and  dials the number to her house.

Helen:Heeelooo?
Daria: Hello may I speak to the parental units of the house?
Helen:Daria, where are you?
Daria:At Jane's can I stay the night?
Helen:I guess, but I want you home tomorrow at 7:00 we are haveing
dinner late.
Daria:Fine. I'll be home. Bye.
 
Daria hangs up the phone then walks across the room and sits on the
bed and clicks on the t.v.

Daria: My mom said yes. What are we suppose to do now?

Daria and Jane hear the sound of two guitar's blaring from the basement.

Jane: The band is practicing downstairs. Do you wanna watch??
Daria:(sarcasticly) Oh good there is nothing better than watching
Trent's 
band play.
Jane: I doubt you will be watching the band play but focusing on
something else.
Daria:Now turn the knife counter-clockwise.
Jane: Just remember Daria, Trent is oblivious to anything.
Daria: Maybe not as much as we think.

Jane and Daria walk down to the basement to find only Trent and Jesse
playing.

Trent: No man it doesn't sound right
Jesse:I'm doing the best I can.
Trent:Oh Hey Janey. Hey Daria
Daria(thinking) Speak must speak. Hey Trent.
Jane:Hey Jesse, can you help me bring some boxes down from my room 
they are kinda heavy.
Jesse:Uh. I guess.
Jane:Okay. Trent and Daria you guys can socialize down here we will be
back in a second.

Daria glares and Jane. She  smiles and laughes

Trent: What's so funny?
Jane: Nothing. Nothing at all

Jane and Jesse go upstaris to get the boxes. Daria just stands that
staring at
Trent while he is fixing the strings on his guitar. Trent starts to
notice but 
pretends not to because he wants to see how long she would continue
but he  
decides to stop and looks up at her.

Trent: So are you staying the nite? You aren't here this late usually.
Daria: (snaping out of her little trance) What? Oh, Uhm yeah I'm
staying the night.
Trent:Yeah,Cool. Make sure Janey gives you somthing better to wear
tonight.
Daria(blushing) Yeah I'll make sure she will.

Trent gets up and walks to the corner of the room where there are two
chair a
beanbag one and an inflatible. He sits in the beanbag one and he
motions Daria
to sit in the other.Daria walks over and sits in it.

Trent: Ya know Daria a lot of people think I'm  oblivious to almost
anything
but I'm really not.

Daria stated to get nervous with butterflies in her stomach.

Daria:OOOOOkay. What is that suppose to mean?
Trent:(shifting ackwardly in his seat) Daria, over the past couple of
time I've seen 
you I've noticed you have been acting really nervous around me and
I've caught 
you sataring at me a couple of times. So do you know what I am trying
to get at?
Daria: Yeah I think I know what  you are saying.

Switch To Jesse and Jane upstairs in her room.

Jane: Come on Jesse we can brong these boxes down now.
Jesse: Uh, Okay.

Jane and Jesse walked down the stars to the basement.

Jane: I wonder what Daria and Trent are talking about.
Jesse:Uh, I guess

Jane looks at Jesse raises her eyebrow and shakes her head. She
reaches the door
and decides to evesdrop. Jane mouth drops unable to beleive what she
is hearing.

Cut To Trent and Daria

Trent: Am I right by saying that you like me?

Daria looks at the floor unable to speak at all and is very shook up
at what has just been said.

Daria:(thinking) I can't beleive it all came out like that. Did I make
it that obvious,
that he had to confront me about it? I didn't mean for this to happen.
I didn't want him to know!

Tears started drowning Daria's eyes.

Trent:It's okay you don't have to cry. Don't worry everybody has crush's

Trent pulls over to Daria to comfort her but she pulls away almost
knocking
herself over.

Daria:Trent, It's not okay I didn't want you to know. Plus I've never
flet like this with anyone before. Even you know that I don't pay
attention to the opposite sex.
Here I go excuses,excuses. Trent, I do like you, a lot.

Trent takes a deep breath

Trent:(thinking)I can't beleive what she is saying, hard cynical
emotionless Daria likes me.
Daria, I like you, but only as a friend and nothing more. I'm sorry,
your fifteen I'm twenty
one. Also your my kid sister's friend. I am sorry you are my friend
but we could be nohing 
more.
 
Daria wipes away her tears and Trent shifts in his seat.

Daria: Don't you think I know that I'm not that dense.

Daria gets up and walks to the door and opens it and Jane falls over
from the weight of the box

Daria: (very angry) Jane? What the hell are you doing?

Daria runs out of the Lane's and back to her gome

Jake:Hey kiddo I was wondering
Daria:No

She goes up to her room and starts to cry for about fifteen minutes
and then starts to think about what happened.
Cut to Lane house.
Trent and Jane are sitting in the basement talking while Jesse is in
the corner  playing his guitar.

Jane:So you confronted her just like that?
Trent:Yeah,  well what was I suppose to say? Hey Daria I know you like
me but there is no way in hell that you can have me I'm too old for
you? I couldn't say that besides she is my friend just 
nothing more ya know what I mean?
Jane: I get what you mean but what brought you to ask her? Did she do
something?
Trent: Yeah when I was stringing my guitar she was like in a trance
staring at me.
So I figured today was as good as anytime to ask her right? I didn't
want to wait too long and get 
her hopes up.
Jane: Yeah you just wanted to cruch them.
Trent: That's not what I said
Jane:Ya but that is what you meant.
Trent:You know that's not what I meant,Why are you being like this
anyway I didn't do anything
wrong Jane I confronted Daria and it turned into this  big episode.
Jane:Okay whatever we have to go see how she is.
Trent: I'm not going to Daria's. I'm probably the last thing she wants
to see.
Jane: All the better for you to come and see her.

Trent looked down at the floor agreeingly.They told Jesse where they
were going
and left for the Morgendorffer household. They knocked on the door and
Quinn answered.

Quinn:Uhm you not my blind date are you?
Trent: Thankfully no, but is Daria here?
Quinn:Daria? Why do you want her she is a brain.
Trent:Well I do like someone with the IQ  over 2.
Quinn:(giggling) Thank you.
Trent:(rolling his eyes)Your welcome.
Jane:Can you just let us see Daria now?
Quinn: What about him?
Jane:He is my brother.
Quinn:Fine, I'll was her down. DAR...
Trent:No stop, we will go up to her room it's easier.
Quinn:Okay, fine. I'm not stopping you.

Trent and Jane looked at each other rolling their eyes before stepping
into the house.
They walk up the stairs to Daria's room.

Daria:Mom, for the hundreth time I'm okay I just need some sleep.
Jane:(imitating here mother) I'm sorry dear but I really think you
need to talk to something.
Daria:(rolling her eyes) Thanks,....mom, I'm really busy making a
noose to choke myself
with.
Jane:Need any help or can I start making one for myself?
Trent:I didn't think we were here to choke our selves but since you
insist.
Daria: Seriously though I know why your here and I'm sorry. I know I
shouldn't
have ran out on you guys but I wasnt thinking realisticly. Trent, you
were right
I know I don't have a chance with you, I'm way to young for you. I
also happen
to be you sister's best friend and if I were to go out with you it
would be a little akward too.
So you guys don't have to worry anymoe. I'll be fine, but the first I
saw you I fell in love
and never even thought about reality. That it could never happen and
I'm sorry I acted 
so immaturely.
Trent:Daria, I'm glad that your mature enough to realize the situation
that's what I like
about you the most. You don't play childish highschool games and you
know what
sometimes I really do wish you were older. I mean all I do is wish but
nothing more,
I'm sorry.
Daria:It's okay.
Jane: Well, now that that's settled down. I'm hungry, who wants pizza?

Trent and Daria smiled at each other and threw pillows at Jane's head.

Jane:Well, someone had  to break the tension.
Trent: See what's on T.V.
Daria:(flipping threw the channels) Not Sick Sad World.
Trent: Hey, flip it back. What was the name of that talk show?
Daria:Jerry Springer. Hmmmm. Never heard of this before.
Trent:(raising his eyebrow) "I'm sleeping with my sister"
Trent and Jane together: CHANGE IT!!