Title: Daria gets a job
Author: Adam Johnson
Description: Daria gets a job working as a waitress

Scene 1-Londale High School
(The bell rings people are rushing into the cafeteria)

Jane: Daria, wait up. Hey what is bothering you?

Daria: I am trying to get enough money to buy my mom and dad a lame 
anniversary present. They said, get us one or else, I was forced.

Jane: Why don't you get a job.

Daria: A job, are you crazy, or out of your mind? You must be crazy.

Jane: No, I'm serious, bring in a newspaper to school tomorrow, and we will 
read it. Okay?

Daria: But I am not going to be a fashion model.

Jane: No problem, they probably don't need you as one anyway. Just kidding.

Scene 2-(The next day 1-Londale High School cafeteria)

Daria: Let's see, Banker, Beauty Parlor workers, ...Lion Tamer...Waitress...

Jane: That's it

Daria: What's it?

Jane: A waitress! You are swell at that. You make wonderful omelets, and your 
mashed potatoes are delicious and...

Daria: Shut up. I know I am a good cook but I am not waitressing.

Jane: Oh yeah?

Scene 3-(McGagles restaurant)

Miss Pat: This is where you make the potatoes, Mashed, Baked, sweet, sweet 
baked, and many others, understand?

Daria and Jane: Yes we understand, of course etc.

Miss Pat: So do you both know what you are supposed to do? Remember, pick up 
the potatoes here, and give them, to people, that's all you have to do.

Daria: That's it?

Jane: Even if they didn't order any?

Miss Pat: Only if they order that, remember? We have the bean parlor, the 
Italian parlor etc.
    
Daria and Jane: Oh yeah, forgot, sorry etc.

Miss Pat: Get to work!

(Outside the doors of the restaurant the fashion club stand. Quinn looks in 
and notices Daria and her friend)

Quinn: Are you sure you wanna go here? I mean it is pretty lame, I mean let's 
go.

Sandy: Wait just a minute Quinn, we came here to eat. Let's eat.

Tiffany: Yyeeaahh, lleett'ss eeaatt

Stacy: Like, I am so hungry. Let's go in.

Sandy: Wait! As princess of the Fashion Club I choose the table and the 
waitress. Okay?

Fashion Club: Of course, yeah, we agree etc.

(Back with Daria and Jane)

Jane: I can't believe you let me do this to!

Daria: I told you I wouldn't do it alone.

Jane: Look Daria, it's Quinn and her friends. Oh great

(Sandy approaches the counter, walking towards Daria)

Sandy: Excuse me miss? You are our waitress, come wait on us okay?

Daria: Okay

(Back at Quinn's table)

Sandy: This is the worst service ever. 

Tiffany: Yyeeaahh

Stacy: I like totally agree with you Sandy

Daria: Welcome to McGagles, may I get you some food?

Sandy: Do I know you?

Daria: Who me? I don't think so

Sandy: Oh. Well, we will have 4 baked potatoes, 4 Caesar salads, and 4 
glasses of milk. Okay?

Daria: That will be $34.94

Sandy: Quinn pay the nice lady please

(Quinn hands Daria the money)

Daria: Thank you

(Daria walks back behind the counter, brings the Fashion Club there food and 
walks back behind the counter)

Daria: Look at this, $34.94, all for me

Jane: Actually, that money belongs to the restaurant. You get the dollar tip

Daria: I don't care, I'll take this. 

Jane: okay

Daria: Let's get out of here

Scene 4-(Daria and Jane walk into Daria's house, Helen stands there on the 
phone)

Daria: Who are you talking to mom?

Helen: Your father, he isn't home tonight (To the phone), Bye Bye honey.

Daria: Here mom here is your and Dad's anniversary present.

Helen: Daria, our anniversary was last week.

Daria: Darnet!
