"Daria's Theme"
A fanfic by Raven
9-25-98

The words flew swiftly from her pen, flooding the page.  She had tried 
to organize her thoughts, but they were too massive and complex for her 
to express fully, and still give them the compassion that they deserved.

Angered, she throws the pen across her room.  As it hits the wall, it 
makes no sound.  The silence is somewhat comforting, in a serene sort of 
mindset.  She wants to put on music, but that would remind her of 
someone that she knows, someone that she cares for.

She sees him as light, in contrast to her darkness.  He has a way of 
making a smile creep across her face at any given moment.  There is 
simply an unnerving way about him that makes her feel undone, exposing a 
lighter shade of her that she wanted to keep hidden.

She is afraid of him.  Not that she will ever admit to it, of course. 
She doesn't particularly like this lighter side that he drew out of her.

'I never wanted this', she thinks.  'He struck me with his fire.  He is 
a risk, one that I am willing to take.  He is....' She pauses, not 
knowing quite what to say.  She remembers the limited time she has spent 
with him; a fond memory, like that of an old, dear friend.  Then the 
words begin to spill over like a waterfall.  She retrieves her pen and 
begins to write furiously:

"I was a dark child with a delusional mind
 Thinking that I could leave the past behind
 You were a risk that I was willing to take
 Knowing for certain that my heart would break....."

She knows that she should stop writing; this is getting far too 
personal.  If she ever showed it to anybody, it would showcase her 
vulnerability.  Still she kept on:

".....But your heart drew me near
      And brought me to my greatest fear."

No one would ever see this.  No one could ever brighten her stars.  she 
wouldn't let them.  Her haunted eyes drank up her words, then let them 
go.  She certainly couldn't do herself any good, thinking like this.  
She closed her eyes, and the torrent of thoughts momentarily subsided.