Daria and Trent's Weekend 
written by Julia Wright, ssworldfan@aol.com 
Scene 1: The Lane's Basement 
Trent's band, Mystyk Spiral, was having a practice, and as usual, Daria and Jane had
come down to watch.  Also as usual, Daria was staring straight at Trent with a dreamy
look in her eyes.  When Trent looked her way, Daria quickly looked at something else. 
When she wasn't looking at him, Trent was looking at her.  Jane had had enough of
them.  It was so annoying.  They loved each other!  Just get on with it. 
The practice ended and the members of the band went home.  Jane and Daria stayed
downstairs with Trent and watched a movie, but soon Daria and Trent were asleep. 
Daria was lying on the couch and Trent was on the floor right by it.  Soon, Jane had a
plan brewing. 
Daria woke up in the basement of the Lane house.  Her arm was hanging over the edge
of the couch, and when she tried to lift it, it felt unusually heavy.  She couldn't lift 
it barely
at all.  Sitting up and looking over the side of the couch, Daria saw something totally
unsuspected.  Trent was handcuffed to her!  Daria suddenly felt sick.  Falling back
against the couch, she decided to go back to sleep. 
Suddenly, something pulled her off the couch.  She landed on the floor with a thud that
woke up Trent.  When Trent had rolled over, it pulled her off. 
Trent: Hey, Daria.  What are you doing here? 
Daria:  Well, Trent, actually I have no idea but... 
Daria lifted her arm, showing that the two of them were handcuffed.  Trent's eyes widen. 
Trent: Who did that? 
Daria (with emphasis on the word friend): I'm guessing that my FRIEND Jane did it. 
Trent: Oh, Janey.... 
Both of them get up to find Jane.  When they reach the door, the try to open it, but it
appears to be locked from the outside.  There is no way they can get out.  Jane locked
them in. 
Both were thinking: Dammit, Jane! 
Daria: Well, it looks as though we're roommates for a while, depending on how long Jane
wants us in here. 
Trent: Yeah, I guess so.  Hey, look at this. 
Trent had found a note taped to the door. 
 Guys, I'm sorry to have to do this, but I know you two like each other and I want you to
get it out  in the open.  I won't let you out until you do.  I will periodically leave 
food for you, so you won't  starve or anything. 
 Love, 
     Jane 
Both Daria and Trent seemed a little embarrassed by her note. 
Daria: Real nice of her. 
Trent: Yeah.  What are we supposed to do in here? 
Daria: I have no idea. (but I can think of something) 
Trent: I vote that we go back to sleep.  We woke up kind of early. 
Daria: I'm not really tired, but you can go to sleep. 
Trent: Okay.  Thanks. 
Trent dozes off, while Daria sits around, getting extremely bored.  Eventually, she
decides to turn the TV on.  She finds Sick, Sad World, and settles in for a good
episode.  She watches her show for a few hours, because a marathon had been
scheduled for the day, but she eventually becomes bored.  Daria decides to go to sleep,
since there is nothing else for her to do. 

Scene 2: Jane's room 
Jane: I wonder how Romeo and Juliet are doing?  Romeo and Juliet?  What the hell? 
Oh, well.  I'll find out soon enough. 
Jane couldn't wait to see the tape.  She had set up a small video camera in the basement,
hidden from view.  It would capture everything that happened and everything that was
said. 
Jane: Thank God for the modern world. 
Jane continues on her painting, a likeness of her, Daria, and Trent chained together as
slaves for evil masters.  The masters were anyone that had control over them.  There
weren't that many masters..... 
Jane: This sure is boring.  I have no one to talk to.  Wait a minute, I have myself to talk
to.  I've been doing it for a while now.  Yes, you have.  Don't answer me. 
Jane decides that she has to get out of this place.  She goes for a run, and returns with
some food. 
Jane: That reminds me.  I have to go feed them. 

Scene 3: The basement 
While Trent and Daria are asleep, Jane sneaks in to put food on the table.  She has to
hurry; she doesn't want them to wake up and see her here. 
Jane: They look so cute together.  I wish they would do something about it. 
As Jane closes the basement door and locks it, Daria slowly wakes up.  She notices the
food on the table and is in a hurry to eat.  She shakes Trent awake. 
Daria: Trent!  Wake up! 
When he didn't even budge, Daria leaned over him, near his ear. 
Daria: Trent! 
Trent: What the- oh hey, Daria. 
Trent smiled up at her, and Daria felt herself melt.  She totally forgot what she was going
to say. 
Trent: Food!  Janey must have brought some in while we were sleeping. 
Daria, snapping out of it: Yeah.  That's why I woke you up. 
Trent: Cool.  Let's eat. 
The two of them devour the sandwiches that Jane had brought them, while savoring the
sodas she delivered.  They decided to ration the sodas; they didn't know when Jane
would bring them more. 
After dinner, the two of them resolve to play a game.  There was nothing better to do;
nothing good was on television, and that was the only thing they could do. 
After a long game of Monopoly, the pair basically just sit there and think.  Neither know
what the other is thinking, but both are thinking the same thing.  It would be so cool if we
could go out. 

Scene 4: The basement, the next morning. 
Jane had once again brought them food, this time doughnuts, juice, and coffee.  During
the night, Daria had turned on her side, and was lying up against Trent.  As Trent woke
up, he could smell the faint smell of her shampoo.  Trent inhaled deeply before shaking
her. 
Trent: Daria, wake up.  Breakfast call. 
Daria: Hi, Trent.  Whoa!  Sorry. 
Daria had realized how close she was to him and quickly moved away. 
Trent: No problem. 
After polishing off the plate of doughnuts, Daria and Trent try to clean themselves up. 
Without a toothbrush, hairbrush, or anything like that, it was hard to do.  Luckily, they
found breathmints under a pile of clothes.  Daria normally would have refused, but given
the circumstances, she took one gladly. 
Daria: All right, what to do today?  TV, Monopoly, or sleeping? 
Trent: Ugh.  No more Monopoly. 
Daria: Fine, you think of something better. 
Trent slowly smiled as a thought penetrated his mind.  No, I will not think of that, he told
himself.  She's sixteen years old for crying out loud. 
Trent: What about truth or dare? 
Daria: You mean that stupid game where people ask each other whom they have crush
on and dare each other to put ice cubes down their pants? 
Trent: That's how kids play.  We can make it more interesting than that. 
Daria: Uh, okay.  Sure. 
Daria was really nervous.  She wasn't used to people asking her a lot of questions.  She
tried to avoid interrogation. The game got started, but both of them were nervous, so it
was a while before the first question was asked. 
Trent: Okay.  Truth or dare? 
After a moment of silence, Daria finally decided on a truth. 
Trent: Okay.  Have you ever been French- kissed? 
Daria turned a slight shade of red. 
Daria: No.  You're turn.  Truth or dare? 
Trent: Um, truth. 
Daria took a moment to ponder.  She figured he had probably been Frenched; with him
being over twenty it was pretty much certain that he had. 
Daria: Have you ever...uh...gonealltheway? 
She said the last part so fast that it was almost unintelligible.  She was too embarrassed
to say having sex, and no way was she going to say make love. 
Trent was shocked for a second but was able to mutter out that he had. 
Trent: Well, truth or dare? 
There was no way that Daria wanted him to ask her that question, which she was certain
by the look in his eyes that he would do. 
Daria: Dare. 
Trent was lost in thought.  What should he have her do?  There were so many
possibilities. 
Trent: I dare you to....take off your shirt. 
Daria: What?! 
Trent: You heard me.  Take off your shirt.  Unless you don't want to play anymore? 
Daria: Uh, I'll play. 
Daria slowly slipped off her shirt, not believing that she was actually doing this.  It was
impossible.  This couldn't be her! 
After asking Trent truth or dare, Daria thought of a dare for him.  A smile came to her
face.  She had the perfect dare.  It would teach him not to dare her these kinds of things. 
Daria: Trent, I dare you to take off your pants. 
Trent slipped them off and was embarrassed to be seen in his underwear, especially since
it was Daria. 

Scene 5: The basement, a few hours later. 
The game had progressed with questions ranging from being Frenched in the ear to
having erotic dreams about your teachers and dares from having the other person draw
with permanent marker on your body to singing out at the top of your lungs.  Finally, they
became bored with the game and put their clothes back on that had been removed. 
They hadn't been able to think of any more questions. 
Trent: All right.  I can't take it any more.  I'm having withdrawals. 
Daria: Withdrawals from what? 
Trent: Not playing my guitar.  I haven't played in two days. 
Daria: How are you supposed to play? 
She lifted up her hand, reminding him of their situation.  Trent thought for a moment, then
came up with an idea. 
Trent: Well, there is only one way. 
Daria: And what would that be? 
Trent: You have to sit in my lap. 
Daria gave him a look that said yeah right.  I can't sit in his lap, Daria thought to herself. 
That would be too close to his, uh, his, area. 
Trent: Daria, I'm serious.  I have to practice or I'm afraid I'll do something crazy. 
Daria: Trent, don't you think the game we just played was crazy? 
Trent: Yeah, I guess, but I mean really crazy. 
Crazy enough to make love to you, he thought.  I can't do that.  I need to do something
else. 
Trent: Come on, Daria.  Please?  I'll make it up to you. 
Daria: Oh, all right. 
She slowly climbed onto his lap, carefully trying to situate herself so she wouldn't touch
IT.  She was afraid that if she did, SHE would do something crazy. 
Trent picked up his guitar and tried to play, but he couldn't see well.  He had to put his
head on Daria's shoulder to be able to see.  But when he looked down at his guitar,
something else sidetracked him.  He could see down her shirt.  I won't, I won't, I won't,
he repeated silently to himself, as he looked at his guitar and made himself play.  I can't
think.  I need to write a new song, he told himself.  Maybe it will get my mind off of
everything. 
Trent: Hey, Daria.  You wanna help me write a new song? 
Daria: Uh, sure.  That would be cool. 
Trent strummed a chord and tried to think of a line to put with it. 
Trent: What should the song be about?  Love?  Hate?  Something crazy? 
Daria, smiling: How about something crazy? 
Trent: Yeah, that works. 
Trent comes up with something that he thinks is good, and just might give Daria a hint. 
He launches into song, add-lobbing as he went. 

Loving you is so crazy, I just can't help myself 
You won't tell me how you feel, you keep it to yourself 
My heart's chained to yours, a chain I can't break 
I have feelings for you I just can't shake 
I've never felt this way before 
I want our relationship to be much more 
Yeah 

Trent: So, how was our song? 
Daria: It was great, but I wouldn't call it ours.  I didn't even help. 
Trent: You helped more than you know. 
Daria started to smile. 
Daria: And how is that? 
Trent: I, uh, wrote it for you. 
Daria: Really, now.  Isn't that interesting. 
Trent: You still like it? 
Daria: I love it. 
Trent was so happy at this moment he couldn't help placing a light kiss on Daria's
shoulder, which ended up as another on her mouth. 
Daria: I think our relationship can be more. 
Trent smiled at her and kissed her again.... 
(Note: They do NOT have sex in this scene......) 

Scene 6: Basement again 
Jane walks into the room to see her best friend and brother asleep with their arms
somehow wrapped around each other.  Jane was so happy, she couldn't help smiling. 
She sat out their breakfast of waffles on the table and exited the room.  When she left,
she banged the door loudly so that they would wake up and eat before the waffles got
cold. 
Daria and Trent woke up to the sight of one another's eyes.  Trent leaned over and
kissed her on the nose. 
Trent: I love you. 
Daria: I love you too. 
Trent: Well, I feel much better now.  It's good to get things like that out in the open. 
Daria: Yeah. 
That is pretty much all she can say right now.  Trent's eyes have captivated her.  She
can't think about anything but him.  Trent notices that Daria is staring in his eyes and he
smiles. 
Trent: Hey, we better eat before it gets cold. 
Daria: Oh.  Yeah. 
The two of them eat their food in silence.  Daria is embarrassed, and Trent is too busy
scarfing down a huge plate of waffles.  Daria would have been totally disgusted by this
crude behavior, except for the fact that she couldn't get up the courage to look at him. 
She gazed down at her plate, as she slowly ate. 
When they were done, they curled up on the couch to watch a movie.  The movie was
really boring and neither of them were paying attention.  Trent leaned over to kiss her, at
the same time that Daria leaned over to kiss him.  Neither kiss hit its mark.  Daria's
landed on his chin, Trent's on her forehead.  They laughed, and got it right the next time. 
Pretty soon, they were making out heavily..... 
(Note: They do not have sex in this scene or the next scene:-) ...... They have sex in
between scenes.) 

Scene 7: The basement.  Where else would it be? 
As our subjects of observation are curled up together after a wonderful experience, Jane
decides that it is time to let her friends out.    Jane once again enters the room to see them
asleep.  Luckily, the two had rearranged their clothes before falling asleep, just in case
Janey decided to come in.  Even so, Jane was shocked at what she saw.  Her best friend
was lying on top of her brother.  Jane couldn't be sure if anything had happened, but she
still suspected it. 
Jane: Wake up, you two! 
Once Trent and Daria were awake, Jane continued. 
Jane: I've decided to let you out.  It looks like you got everything out in the open. 
Jane made a wry smile.  Finally, she thought to herself.  Jane went over to the two people
she loved the most and unhandcuffed them.  Both of them rubbed their wrists and rolled
them around. 
Daria: Why did you do it? 
Jane: I told you.  I wanted the flirting to stop.  I didn't want to see two people hopelessly
in love, not doing anything about it.  I figured I had to do something. 
Daria: Well, it was a good idea. 
She took Trent's hand and held it in her own. 
Daria: It's out.  Now, I think I need to go home and take a shower and change clothes. 
See you guys later. 
Daria slowly walked home, pondering the weekend.  She was so happy that Trent loved
her. 
Daria: Aw, shit!  What am I going to do about mom? 

Scene 8: The Morgendorffer house 
Mrs. M: Daria, is that you? 
Daria: Yeah, hi mom. 
Daria tried to hurry up the stairs before her mom said anything else, but her attempt was
futile. 
Mrs. M: Daria, I got your note that you were staying at....Jenny's this weekend.  Thank
you for leaving it.  Most teenagers would have gone and not thought twice about their
mothers. 
Daria: Yeah, well, your welcome, mom. 
Daria dashed up the stairs, while reminding herself to thank Jane for being so smart. 
After a quick shower and clothing change, Daria was ready to go back to Jane's. 
Daria picked up the phone and dialed a familiar number. 
Jane: Yo, Daria. 
Daria: Hey, Jane.  I just got a shower and I'm bored out of my mind. 
Jane: Trent was going to a Mystik Spiral practice.  Maybe we can go with. 
Daria, a little shyly: Okay. 
Jane goes off in quest to find Trent.  A minute later she comes back. 
Jane: He said that would be cool.  We'll be over to get you in a few. 
Daria: Cool. 
Just as Jane said, in a few minutes, Trent's car was pulling up outside Daria's house. 
Trent got out of his car and walked up the path to her front door. 
Moments later, Daria was ushering him out of the house, while questions from her family
were being asked. 
They climbed into Trent's car, and were on their way. 
Daria: Where's Jane? 
Trent: She wasn't ready to leave yet.  She told me to come get you first. 
Daria: Oh.  What embarrassing things did my parents tell you while I was upstairs? 
Trent, smiling at her: Nothing embarrassing.  They just said that they were so happy that
someone was interested in their little girl and they asked m e questions about myself. 
Then, they told me I could keep you out until midnight. 
Daria: But my curfew is eleven. 
Trent: Oh, well.  They told me midnight. 
By this time, they were back at Trent's house.  Jane saw them coming and ran out of the
house.  She got in the backseat of the car, dreaming about Jesse the whole way to the
practice. 

Scene 9: McGrundy's Pub, the next night at a Mystik Spiral gig. 
Nothing important had happened at the practice, except Jesse teasing Trent and Daria
about the wild things they could have done while being handcuffed.  Daria and Trent had
been very flustered... 
Anyway, back to this scene.... 
Jane: You know what, Daria? 
Daria: What? 
Jane: I did something I shouldn't have. 
Daria: What would that be?  Besides handcuffing your best friend to your brother and
locking them in a room for the weekend. 
Jane: I put a camcorder in the basement while I had you and Trent locked in there. 
Daria: What?!!? 
Jane: I thought you might like to have something to remember it by.  I didn't watch it or
anything.  It's not like I would want to see you and my brother have sex. 
Daria: How did you know we had sex? 
Jane: Lucky guess. 
Jane smiled and Daria was going to say a snappy comeback, but the band had just come
out on stage and was talking to the audience. 
Trent: Hey, everybody.  We're Mystik Spiral, but we might change our name. 
Anyway.... 
The band launches into Icebox Woman, followed by Behind My Eyelids, ending with a
few covers of other songs.  The rest of the band exits the stage, while Trent is left alone
with his acoustic guitar.  He is sitting on a stool and looking very nervous. 
Trent: I'm going to finish the set tonight with a song that I just wrote with the help of my
girlfriend. 
Here's Crazy Love 

Loving you is so crazy, I just can't help myself 
You won't tell me how you feel, you keep it to yourself 
My heart's chained to yours, a chain I can't break 
I have feelings for you I just can't shake 
I've never felt this way before 
I want our relationship to be much more 

I think you love me, I see it in your eyes 
My love for you should come as no surprise 
I let you know, with little clues 
To let you know how I feel about you 
Do you love me? 
I hope you do. 
I want to spend my life with you 

You make my mind spin like a tornado 
My feelings for you I try to show 
But I'm embarrassed to say 
Just how I feel about you today 
My life's mixed up, you're the blender doing it 
I think my feelings I'm ready to admit 
Yeah. 

The song ended and there was thunderous applause.  Daria was stunned.  She loved it so
much.  I want to spend my life with him, she thought to herself.  I think I'm really in love. 
Trent got offstage and came over to Daria, giving her a long kiss on the lips..... 

Scene 10: Three years later, Mystik Spiral has another gig at a nameless pub 
A long kiss was broken when Jesse tapped Trent on the arm. 
Jesse: Sorry, Daria, but Trent and I need to get on-stage now. 
Daria stared at her boyfriend of three years as he climbed on-stage and went through a
set with his band. 
Jane came over to her. 
Jane: Hey, long time, no see, buddy.  How's college life going? 
Daria: Hello to you too.  College is fine, but I miss Trent so much sometimes.  The
campus is just so far away.  I was so glad when summer started so that I could come
back here and see you guys. 
Her eyes drift to the stage, where Trent is finishing up a song that he just wrote for the
band. 
Jane: They're wonderful, aren't they? 
Jane was referring to Trent and Jesse, her boyfriend. 
Daria: Yeah. 
The rest of the band got offstage, leaving Trent with his acoustic guitar.  This reminded
Daria of something that had happened three years ago. 
Trent: I'm ending this set with a special song for my girlfriend, Daria.  I hope you enjoyed
tonight. 

Loving you is so crazy, I just can't help myself 
You won't tell me how you feel, you keep it to yourself 
My heart's chained to yours, a chain I can't break 
I have feelings for you I just can't shake 
I've never felt this way before 
I want our relationship to be much more 

I think you love me, I see it in your eyes 
My love for you should come as no surprise 
I let you know, with little clues 
To let you know how I feel about you 
Do you love me? 
I hope you do. 
I want to spend my life with you 

You make my mind spin like a tornado 
My feelings for you I try to show 
But I'm embarrassed to say 
Just how I feel about you today 
My life's mixed up, you're the blender doing it 
I think my feelings I'm ready to admit 

My feelings are so strong, sometimes scary 
You're the kind of girl I'd like to marry 
Will you marry me, make me happy 
Without you, life would be crappy. 
Yeah. 

As the last chord of Trent's guitar faded out, Daria wiped tears from her eyes.  There
was a short pause, and then applause filled the pub.  Trent set his guitar down and leapt
offstage, taking Daria in his arms.  He put his hand in his pocket and pulled something
out.  Opening it, he revealed a diamond ring.  He took it out of the box, and brought
Daria's hand to his lips. 
Trent: Will you? 
Daria: Of course. 
Daria whispered something that only Trent could hear, but some people say that they
saw her lips move in the shape of the words I love you. 
Trent slipped the ring on her finger, then wiped tears from her eyes.  He kissed her, and
the applause was thunderous in the pub, but neither noticed. 
~*The End*~