                           Down With Noggin Part 2
                                   By: MFC

Plot: After realizing they don't know where the Noggin Corporation is they go
back to Chris' house. Also what did Chris mean by cynicism?

Author's New Note: If a whole sentence is edited you'll see a * infront of the
whole word.


Begin where we left off.

Daria: By the way Chris what do you mean cynicism power.

Chris: I mean you're so cynical that you broke the censor barrier. Jane and I
can't do that.

Jane: I'm not cynical enough.

Quinn: Obviously not. Not like me.

Daria: Yea Quinn is just pure cynical. Chris why aren't you really cynical.

Chris: Dating Quinn must have done that too me.

The discussion continues until they get to Chris' house. They go into Chris'
house and Chris' turns on he computer and brings up the Internet.

Daria: Go to Noggin.com I think it tells you where the Noggin Headquarters is.

Chris types in Noggin.com he looks through and finds the location.

Chris: Oh that's cute the _____ is in Avalanche, Dakota (Note this is not
where Noggin is really located *heck I don't even think there is a place
called Avalanche, Dakota. ____ I've even been censored.)

Daria: That's pretty far from here.

Jane: And we need a new car.

Chris: Why?

BAM!

Jane: Some kids stuck firecrackers in your gas tank.

Chris: MOTHER _____!

Daria: We could use my parents' car, as they never seem to be around.

Quinn: Road Trip!

Chris: *Why'd I start dating you? (V.O.) Why'd I say that? Uh-oh the censors
are getting to everything I say. (Out Loud) We got to hurry they've been
putting things you'd say in your mouth soon they'll start erasing characters.

Quinn: Then we've got to get to Dakota Avalanche. I mean Avalanche!

Chris: Then to the Bat mobile.

Quinn, Daria, and Jane stare at him.

Chris (with pinkie to his lip): No nothing I just thought I'd try it on.

Daria: Shut your Dr. Evil repeating mouth and get lets get in the fucking car.

Jane: Wow she does have powerful cynicism.

(Hello this is MFC I'd like to point out foreshadowing with the "pure
cynicism" deal. Read the next and possibly the final chapter of Down With
Noggin.)

To Be Concluded...
