"Daria" is owned and copyrighted by MTV. All rights reserved.  This is
*not* an episode, but the best imitation of an episode that I could
write.  Thanks to the creators of "Daria" for providing so much rich
material for fanfics....

This is [or should be] the nineteenth episode of The Driven Wild Universe.
It follows 1) "Rose-Colored Lenses," 2) "The Tie That Chokes," 3) "That
Thing You Say," 4) "'Shipped Out," 5) "Andrea Speaks!", 6) "Cheered Down,"
7) "None in the Family, Part One,"8) "None in the Family, Part Two," 9)
"Outvoted," 10) "Of Absolute Value," 11) "Breaking the Mold," 12)
"Surreal World," 13) "Erin the Head," 14) "Primarily Color," 15) "The
Age of Cynicism," 16) "Charge of the Math Brigade," 17) "An Uneasy Marriage,"
and 18) "In Her Own Words."


This is one of those "cumulative" fics, where stories from previous fics
begin to be resolved.  Basically, my fics up to this point, especially
#16 through #18, have served to build up tension.  #19 through #22 will
release it... sort of.  Because it is a cumulative fic, it would have helped
to have read the following beforehand: "The Tie That Chokes," "That Thing
You Say," "None in the Family, Parts 1&2," "Breaking the Mold," "Erin the
Head," "Charge of the Math Brigade," "An Uneasy Marriage," and "In Her
Own Words."  But if you didn't, never fret: I made enough references to
be helpful, but not so many that it interfered with the story.  Besides,
even people who have read each fic 10 times will be confused. ; >

It's a 3S.  Actually, having read real half-hour scripts (which are even
shorter than I thought), I can guess it's actually many sittings more
than that.

One final thing I ought to confess up front: this fanfic features a boyfriend-
girlfriend relationship that will probably seem like an adult version of
the Daria/Tom relationship.  This was not intentional.  In #19 and #20,
I tried to give the boyfriend his own likes, dislikes, and quirks, but
suspect people will think "Tom Sloane" anyway because of his sarcasm.
Never mind that this character first appeared in "The Tie That Chokes"
and "That Thing You Say," which came out before "Jane's Addition" aired,
and was alluded to in "None and the Family" and "Erin the Head," which
came out long before S4 eps "I Loathe a Parade," "Fire!", and "Dye! Dye!
My Darling."  Ah well, judge for yourselves, and lemme know what you
think.

Oh, and enjoy!


[intro theme music...................]

ALL BUT FORGOTTEN -- by Kara Wild


ACT ONE

SCENE 1 (Helen's office, Friday afternoon before a three-day weekend)

(Shot of the outside [whatever it looks like; have we even seen it?].
Cut to shot of Helen sitting at her desk, phone to her ear.  She speaks
with her normal assertiveness, but she looks tired.)

HELEN: (to another lawyer)  It's unacceptable.  *Unacceptable*.  It will
be a *cold* day in Hades before I accept an offer so *ludicrously* off the
mark.  (Pause.  Her eyes narrow.)  What do you *mean* it's the best outcome
I could hope for??  Listen here, you: I could take this to court and wind
up with a settlement a *lot* larger than what you -- (Pause.  Helen's face
pales and she grits her teeth.)  Oh *really*??  Well you may *think* my
"star is falling," but I'll have you know I'm every *bit* as capable of
staring you down as I ever have been!  (hard tone.)  And on that note: I'll
see you in court.

(She slams down the phone in it's cradle.  Cut to brief close-up of
Marianne at her desk.  She winces, then resumes typing.  Helen, for
a moment, stares at the phone with a competitive gleam in her eyes.
Then it fades, leaving Helen looking as though the energy has drained
from her body.  She sinks back in her chair and her face takes on a
pensive expression.  Marianne glances at her with concern.)

HELEN: (catching her)  *What*?!

MARIANNE:  Um, nothing.

HELEN: (angry, weary)  You *look* as though you want to say something
so quit stalling and *say* it.

(Beat)

MARIANNE:  It's just you...

HELEN:  It's just I *what*?!

(Beat)

MARIANNE: (weak)  It's just... (She feels Helen's hard gaze.) you did
your hair nicely today.  Yes, that's it.

(Helen gets a stony expression; they both know that's *not* what she
wanted to say.  Marianne smiles and quickly resumes working.  Helen
stares at her for a moment, then lets her gaze trail over to the side
of the room.  She gazes absently for several seconds, before finally
"coming to" with a scowl.  She slaps herself and straightens up, just
as Eric waltzes into the room.)

ERIC: (to Helen, oozing charm)  How's my *favorite* lawyer doing??

HELEN: (face brightening)  Oh *hello*, Eric!  I was just haggling with
Joe Goldberg about the settlement for the Headbands USA lawsuit; you
know how that idiot will never meet us halfway.

ERIC:  You bet I do.  (winks.)  Which is why you'll *hit* him with the jury
box, won't you?

HELEN: (pleased)  You know me too well.  (lips curl.)  I'm going to
*crush* that bastard if it's the last thing I do.

ERIC:  Now *that's* the competitor I know and love.  (pats her shoulder.)
It's great to have you back.

HELEN:  Back?  (small, weak laugh.)  Have I gone anywhere?

ERIC:  Oh, well... (awkward Pause.  Eric gets the same expression that
Marianne did earlier.) you know you've been kind of off kilter.

HELEN: (slight frown)  I've been a little under the weather lately, but
I haven't *lost* anything.  (Bt)  I'm still the same as I've always been.

ERIC: (a little too breezy)  Of *course* you are.  (grips her shoulder in
a "buddy" hug.)  And before you know it, you'll have kicked that losing
streak and regained that golden girl fierceness I keep *telling* them you
have.

HELEN: (confused)  Keep telling *who* I have?  The other partners??

ERIC:  They've been a little worried.  (Bt)  Actually "outraged" is the
more appropriate word.  "She's costing us millions!" blah, blah.  But don't
fret: I'm sure you can prove to them you're *still* partnership material.

(Beat)

HELEN: (slightly sickened expression)  Of course.

ERIC:  But before you delve further into the case, I want you to rest up
real well these next few days.

HELEN: (dazed)  Rest??  Eric, are *you* feeling all right?

ERIC: (jovial)  Oh come *on*, Helen, I believe in relaxation as much as
the next boss; it's a holiday weekend, for crying out loud!  So only keep
your cell phone on during daylight hours.

HELEN:  Well... thank you.  But you know that with big cases like
this, I usually put in weekends at the office.

ERIC:  Helen.  (meaningful look.)  You need rest.  So you don't end up
getting a much longer rest.

(Helen catches his meaning, swallows hard.  Marianne glances at her with
sympathy.)

HELEN:  Yes, you're right.  (tries to smile.)  Of course: some rest is
just what I need.

ERIC:  That's my girl!  (He claps her on the shoulder one last time before
heading toward the door.)  If you need to contact me, I'll be on my boat.
Have a *great* weekend.

(He nods at Marianne, then leaves.  As soon as he's gone, Helen sinks lower
in her chair, trying with all of her might to keep a calm expression.  Finally
she looks at Marianne.)

HELEN: (deflated)  So do *you* think I need rest?

MARIANNE: (quiet)  You have seemed awfully tired, Helen.  It'd be good for
you to spend time away from work, even if it's only a few days.

HELEN: (brightening momentarily)  Yes, I could finally spend some time with
my family.  Some real unhurried *quality* time.  (Pause.  Something about
this idea causes her to lose her glow, and she says in a murmuring tone:)
I can hardly wait.

(fade-out.  fade-in to: )

SCENE 2 (freeway, on the way home)

(Cut to overhead shot revealing a dark sky and cars locked in bumper-to-bumper
traffic.  Cut to side shot of Helen in her SUV, wilted against her seat.)

HELEN: (whispering)  Snap *out* of it, Morgendorffer!  Shake it off!
Nothing's wrong that can't be fixed.  Nothing's beyond you... oh God.  (Her
face puckers.)  Oh God, everything's a mess.  (She takes a deep, quaking
breath to sober herself up.)  I just need someone to talk to.  My family
-- *no*.  (She looks truly miserable, until something occurs to her and she
reaches for her cell phone.)

(Cut to shot of the kitchen at the Lane residence.  The phone starts ringing
shrilly, and rings several times before Trent strolls over, coffee pot in hand.
He picks up the phone, then lays his ear against the pot.)

TRENT:  Hello?  (Bt)  Hello?

HELEN: (from the phone)  Hello??  Trent?

(Realizing his mistake, Trent lays the pot on the counter and slaps his
forehead.)

TRENT:  *Man*, that was bad.  (puts the phone against his ear.)  Yeah,
it's Trent.  (recognizing.)  Is this Daria's mom?

(Split screen to show Helen on the left side, looking anxious.)

HELEN:  Yes Trent, this is Helen Morgendorffer.  Could I speak to your mother,
please??

(Trent stifles a yawn, looks thoughtful.)

TRENT:  Sure... if I can track her down in Guadalajara.  Or was it Guatemala?
Someplace where they've only got one phone every fifteen miles.

(Helen exhales silently.)

HELEN:  Do you... know when she might be home?

TRENT:  No.  But when she arrives, I gotta tell her there was an accident
with her kiln.  (uneasy expression.)  Um yeah, *accident*.

HELEN: (feeble)  Well... when she gets home, could you please have her call
me??  Tell her it's very important.

TRENT:  Got it.  (picks up on the urgency in her voice.)  What's wrong?

HELEN: (startled by his bluntness)  Wrong?  Nothing.  Nothing's wrong.
(musters a smile.)  I just needed to ask your mother a silly little
question, that's all.  It's nothing important.

TRENT: (confused)  But you just said --

HELEN:  I *really* should be going; the traffic's starting to let up.
Say hi to Jane for me, and you take care of yourself, young man.

TRENT: (still confused)  Sure.  Bye.

(Cut to full shot of Helen in her SUV.  Wearing an expression of defeat,
she lays her cell phone back on the passenger seat.  Then she gets another
idea and quickly picks the phone up again, autodials another phone number.
Helen lays the phone against her ear and waits, with a pained expression,
as it rings over and over again.  Finally: )

GREG:  Hello?

(Helen loses her nerve and shuts of the phone before another word can be
uttered.  She flings it against the passenger seat.  Then she takes several
deep breaths to calm herself down.)

HELEN: (hoarse)  Focus, Morgendorffer...

(She reaches into a compartment where her CDs are stored, then pops one in.
Close-up reveals it to be the Elvis Presley Anthology.  As the King starts
crooning away, Helen seems to gain a little serenity.)

(Meanwhile, cut to shot of Trent sitting in the kitchen, drinking a mug of
coffee.  Jane walks in, forages through the fridge.)

JANE:  Who was on the phone?

TRENT:  Daria's mom.  She wanted to know if *our* mom was around.

JANE:  Mom -- around??  Like she was someone who actually lived here?

TRENT:  Yeah.  Go figure.

JANE:  Maybe when pottery wheels fly.  (turns to Trent, smirks.)  Which,
given what you and the band did to her kiln, may not be beyond the realm
of possibility.

TRENT: (scowling)  We were just trying something cool for our music video.
We got caught up in the moment.

JANE: (wicked)  I'll say.  Too bad none of you guys remembered bring a
camera.

(Trent scowls.)

JANE:  So did Helen want to sign up for another art class, or something?

TRENT: (shrugs)  She never said.  Just said traffic was letting up and
she had to go.  (frowns mildly.)  Funny though: she sounded like she
really needed to talk to Mom.

JANE: (brow creasing)  That is funny.

(Cut to shot of a freeway overpass.  Zoom in on a sign underneath that shows
a junction coming up, with Downtown Lawndale on one side and the Interstate
freeway on the other.)

(Cut to shot of Helen in the SUV.  She drives as though in a trance, letting
Elvis's music run through her.)

ELVIS:  "Is your heart filled with pain, shall I come back again?/Tell me
dear, are you lonesome tonight?"

(The song ends, and there's total silence until the next one starts.)

ELVIS:

                         I've had nothing but sorrow
                         Since you said we were through
                         There's no hope for tomorrow
                         How's the world treating you?
                         Every sweet thing that mattered
                         Has been broken in two
                         All my dreams have been shattered
                         How's the world treating you?


(Helen murmurs along, until she notices something up ahead.)

HELEN:  *Dammit*!!

(Cut to her POV:  The signs along the road reveal that she is on the
Interstate.)

HELEN:  I missed the turnoff!  Dammit, *dammit*!!!  (Getting angrier than
necessary, she pounds and shakes the steering wheel.)  Now I'll have to
get off and turn *around*!!!  (A sob wells in her throat, nearly choking her
last words.  Indeed, this little mistake seems like the thing to tip her
over the edge.  Shaking and blinking back tears, Helen grips the steering
wheel.)

(Cut to shot of the outside.  The SUV keeps riding along the Interstate,
past an overhead sign which reveals various destinations.  Cut to shot of
Helen.  She still seems on the verge of a breakdown, but then becomes calmer
once she sees the sign.  Suddenly her shaking stops, and she takes a deep,
calming breath.  She straightens up, her eyes focusing in such a way that
says she has made a decision.  Her grip on the steering wheel relaxes.)

(Cut to shot of the outside.  The SUV rides past a clearly-marked Exit and
keeps on going.)

(cut to: )

SCENE 3 (Morgendorffer residence, later that evening)

(Cut to shot of the outside, revealing few lights on other than the one
in Quinn's bedroom.  Cut to shot of Daria lying on the bed in her room,
phone to her ear.)

JANE: (on the other end)  So do you want me to come over, or not?

DARIA:  Sure.  (cocks an eyelid.)  You can make a pretty wall mural out
of the stains Quinn left from cooking dinner.

(Cut to split screen.)

JANE: What the hell is so hard about heating a tin of lasagna?

DARIA:  Just the obvious: heating metal in the microwave causes fire.
Quinn did not realize this before failing to place the food in a microwave-
safe container.  When disaster struck, she panicked and tossed the flaming
mess toward the sink.

JANE:  "*Toward* the sink"??

DARIA: (sour expression)  It missed.

JANE:  Lovely.  So where were *you* to prevent this calamity?

DARIA: (deadpan defensive)  *I* was watching the bag of instant mashed
potatoes do somersaults in boiling water.  Making dinner is hard work,
you know.

JANE:  Yeah, you're a real Julia Child.  So is this newfound love of
cuisine an attempt to extract a *really* punishing sum from your parents?

DARIA:  If you think I'd go to that much trouble, you must have fallen
and hit your head pretty hard on the way to the nut house.  (Bt)  My
parents are both gone for the evening; Mom just called to say she's pulling
an all-nighter at the office.

JANE: (genuine shock)  So you... were being... *responsible*?!

DARIA: (embarrassed, defensive)  I was trying not to starve.  You think
I'd order out after the exposes we did for the underground??

JANE:  Bleh, true.  (Bt)  But it's strange: you said your mother was at
the office.

DARIA:  To do a thing called "work."  Very strange.

JANE: (rolling her eyes)  But *Trent* got a call from her over an hour
ago asking for *our* mother.  He mentioned she was in traffic.

DARIA:  She wanted your mother?  That's not just strange, it's downright
disturbing.

JANE:  Your mom's supposed to be working, yet she's in her car?

DARIA:  She could've just gone on a dinner run.  But for the hell of it,
let's go with the less logical explanation: she's using work as a
cover for going on some mad dash across the country.  She wants your
mother to be the Thelma to her Louise.

JANE:  If you were talking about anyone *other* than Helen, that might
actually be plausible.

DARIA:  Sick and sadly enough.  (Pause)  But then again  (brow creases
with concern.) my mom hasn't been herself for so long, who knows what
she'd do.

JANE:  She probably hasn't done anything.  I shouldn't have planted that seed
of paranoia in your brain.

DARIA:  But you just couldn't help yourself.  (Bt)  Of course if my mother
*did* run off, where would she go??

(cut to: )

SCENE 4 (freeway, much later that night)

(Overhead shot of the SUV heading toward an off ramp, against the backdrop
of several skyscrapers.  Cut to inside shot: Elvis is singing Simon &
Garfunkel's "Bridge Over Troubled Water," while Helen drives with grim
purpose.)

(Cut to shot of the outside.  The SUV now travels along a city street
against the backdrop of a bay and [no pun intended] a bridge.  The street
is quiet, but not silent, given that it's past midnight and some people
are returning from clubs, bars, or the theatre.  Cut to inside shot of the SUV.
Helen's determination gives way to anxiety and muted hopefulness.  Cut to
outside shot: she drives down a street past upscale houses and apartment
complexes.)

(cut to: )

SCENE 5 (a short time later)

(Close-up of Helen, sitting in a chair, talking to someone off
screen.  She looks completely spent.  Her eyes are red, with shadows
underneath; some of her hair is astray, and she slumps against the side
of the chair even as she makes frantic gestures to accent her speech.)

HELEN:  I'm sorry.  I'm *so* sorry to be bothering you at this time of night.
I was in the area, and you just happened to be in, and (musters a smile.)
you told me the last time we were together that I could *drop* over any time.

(Pan over to show a man, late-thirties to early forties, sitting on the
couch nearby with his elbows on his knees.  His brownish-blond hair is
mussed from being against the pillow, and his light beard is accompanied
by a five o' clock shadow.  We recognize him from somewhere.)

MAN:  Well I might object (big yawn.) but I'm still not sure whether I'm
awake or dreaming.  (glances off to his right.)  Do you see leprechauns
dancing on her shoulders?

(Pan over further to show *Amy*, the one whom he and Helen were both
addressing, sitting in another chair, looking similarly bed-ruffled.)

AMY: (sleepy)  More like fluffy pink rabbits doing backflips.  (to Helen.)
It's not your *habit* to drop in on people after midnight, is it?

(Cut to wide shot, revealing Amy's spacious living room as seen in "Through
a Lens Darkly" and "Erin the Head," plus some extra furniture.  Helen laughs
in an airy and slightly unhinged manner.)

HELEN:  Oh-ho-ho-ho, Amy, don't be *silly*!  (sly.)  It's an honor I reserve
for members of my family.

AMY: (glancing at the man -- her boyfriend, Joel)  Lucky me.

HELEN:  But listen, if you'd rather (face becomes slightly vulnerable.) I
can stay in a hotel for the night.

AMY: (brow creasing)  I doubt the hotel reservation desks would be open at
this hour.  Besides, you're my sister: of *course* I want you to stay
here.

HELEN: (cheeks glowing)  Thank you.

AMY: (wicked smirk)  Then I'll have you right where I want you.

(fade-out.  fade-in to: )

SCENE 6 (living room)

(Cut to shot of Amy coming in through a doorway, carrying some pajamas.
She rubs her eyes sleepily and stifles a yawn.)

AMY:  All right, we've cleared enough crap out of the guest room for it to
*be* a guest room instead of a "multi-purpose" area.  (wrinkles her nose.)
Trust me: it's better you not ask.

(Cut to shot of the couch where Helen is sitting, her back to Amy and
the viewer.  Amy comes over and lays the pajamas on top of the couch.)

AMY:  And these should fit you, (smirks.) even though my clothes were
a little *snug* the last time you wore them.  So I think... (notices the
silence.) Helen?

(Cut to close-up of Helen.  She's huddled against one side of the couch, her
face red and tears streaming down her cheeks.  Amy makes her way around the
couch and approaches her with some concern.)

AMY:  Hel--

(Helen reaches forward and grabs her sister around the waste.  Pressing her
face against Amy's side, she starts shivering and crying noiselessly.  Amy
looks down at her, stunned.  Then she leans down awkwardly and lays her
arms around her.)

AMY: (whispering)  It's okay... it's okay... I'm not *that* much thinner than
you are.

(This quip elicits no reaction from Helen, so Amy continues to hug her
in and awkward, but soothing manner.)

(fade-out.  fade-in to: )

SCENE 7 (bedroom, 1-2 hours later)

(Shot of Amy creeping into her darkened bedroom, making certain not to
wake her beau.  No such luck: as soon as she's put her glasses on the
bedside table and lain down the left side of their queen-sized bed,
Joel turns over.)

JOEL:  So, is your sister tucked in for the night?

AMY: (nods wearily)  Finally.

JOEL:  And how long will she be gracing us with her presence?

AMY:  Probably until I chase her out with a butcher's knife.

JOEL:  Try not to sever any fingers.

(Amy snuggles beside him.)

AMY:  Can you handle being encroached upon for a night or two?

JOEL: (nuzzling her neck)  I have by you, haven't I?

AMY:  Excuse me, darling, this was *my* apartment.

JOEL:  So?  *I* brought the fully-loaded PC you always use.  To a science
nerd, it's the same thing.

AMY:  Ha-ha.

JOEL:  Your sister's sudden appearance doesn't exactly fill me with joy,
but I wouldn't toss her out when she's in distress.  She's a
lawyer: wouldn't that get me ten to twenty?

AMY:  Ooh, such compassion.

JOEL: (sighs)  But that kills any weekend plans we might have had,
doesn't it?

AMY:  No big deal.  We were never going to go hiking anyway -- not
with your knee acting up and my mortal dread of mosquitoes.  Besides
(eyes widen.) dammit, that's right!

JOEL:  What?

AMY: (with dread)  Tomorrow's my date at the clinic.

JOEL:  Oh.  Oh!  You definitely can't miss that.

AMY: (mumbling)  Yes I can.  It's not important.

JOEL:  What, are you crazy??

AMY: (annoyed)  I guess I am.

(She turns away from him and sinks half of her face into her pillow.
Joel plays with a lock of her hair, expression fatigued.)

JOEL:  At least you can take comfort that it's genetic.

AMY:  No, I can't.  (frowns.)  I've never seen my sister like this.
It's just short of terrifying.

JOEL:  Why?

AMY: (frustrated)  Why??  Because a lifetime of experience has taught me
never to doubt Helen Barksdale Morgendorffer.  She's as steady as my
father.  Back in the Sixties, she even plotted her decent into hippiedom.

JOEL:  Sort of defeats the purpose, doesn't it?

AMY: (reciting)  "August 7, 1968: In four weeks I'll be a college freshman.
Prepare for the Revolution by purchasing tie-dyed clothing, taking lessons in
controlled burning, and brushing up on my Bob Dylan."

JOEL:  You're really serious.

AMY:  Completely.

JOEL:  That's bad. (cocks a mirthful brow.)  Almost as bad as you *snooping*
in her diary.

AMY:  I was a little sister.  It would have been immoral for me *not* to
stoop.  (Bt)  But the point is, if Helen crumbles, my entire worldview could
change.

JOEL:  Why??  You're a steady person.

AMY:  Not like her.

(Her tone contains an unconscious air of reverence, which Joel picks up on.)

JOEL:  She came to *you* with her problems, didn't she?

AMY:  Which brings us to the great mystery.  Why *me*?  (She rolls
onto her back to face Joel.)  We've seen each other *twice* the past
year, and talk on the phone now and then for maybe fifteen minutes.
That doesn't exactly a friendship make.

JOEL:  Maybe she doesn't do that with anyone else.

AMY: (exasperated)  Oh please: with all that she deals with in her life, I
can't mean *that* much to her.  (face falls.)  If I *did*, wouldn't she have
come to me sooner?

JOEL:  Not if she's as self-sufficient as you make her out to be.

AMY:  Maybe.  (sighs.)  In any case, I'd have probably handled it in
the same bungled fashion as I did tonight.

JOEL:  Listen here, you: quit selling yourself short.  You've got a *lot*
to offer the world, including your sister.  Maybe you mean more to her than
you think.

(Amy reaches over and strokes his hair fondly.)

AMY:  And maybe the sleep deprivation's affecting your brain.

(fade-out.  fade-in to:)

SCENE 8 (Amy's place, Saturday)

(Outside shot of the sky, suggesting that it's mid or late morning.  Cut to
close-up of Amy standing in a kitchen with terra-cotta counter titles and
glass cabinets.  Unlike her surroundings, Amy looks like an absolute wreck;
even her glasses are slightly askew.  She pours coffee absent-mindedly,
into the sink instead of her mug before she realizes her error.)

(Meanwhile, cut to close-up of Helen, still asleep in the guest bed.  She
looks as though she did not have a restful night.  She lies in a 
fetal position,
the blankets twisted around her, her face half-buried in the pillow.  A few
mumbled exclamations escape her mouth before she turns and opens her eyes.
For a few moments she stares at the ceiling, then slowly sits up and looks
around.  Cut to her POV: the room around her looks fuzzy and distorted, filled
with shadowy objects that have little relationship to one another.  An exercise
bike, a couple of old chairs, some packing boxes, bar bells, a 
clothes rack, and
more.  Helen looks at them with confusion, then down at her unfamiliar pajamas.
Then everything comes back to her, causing her to groan and close her eyes.
Just as Helen has pushed aside the bed sheets and risen, Amy appears in the
doorway, sipping her coffee.)

AMY: (deadpan)  No, it's not a dream: you really *are* in Hell.

HELEN: (rubs her eyes.)  What time is it?

AMY: (smirks)  In Hell, it's always "late for work."

HELEN: (looks at her watch)  *Ten* o' eight?!

AMY:  Relax, Helen: it's the weekend.  Or do you work Saturdays now?

HELEN:  I hardly *ever* sleep this late.  I have to call my family.

(She hurries toward her work clothes, which have been neatly laid out,
her cell phone lying on top.  Amy watches with amusement and curiosity.)

AMY:  Don't they know you're here?

HELEN: (starts dialing)  I told them I was working all night at the
office.

AMY:  So they shouldn't be concerned you're gone.

HELEN: (ear to the phone)  Dammit -- busy.  (lays down the phone.)  No,
but I should get home to them.  Eric actually gave me some time off,
some *real* time off.  How could I waste the chance to spend it with my
family??

AMY: (crossing her arms)  And who am I?  The mildew in your sink pipe?

(Beat.  Helen turns to look at her, gets a deeply apologetic expression.)

HELEN:  I'm sorry, sweetie.  I didn't mean -- I just assumed you and your
boyfriend would have made your own plans.

AMY: (cocks a brow)  Perhaps.  Perhaps not.  (Bt)  So then you feel as
though everything's been taken care of.

HELEN: (face brightening)  Oh yes.  (comes over to Amy and lays a hand
on her shoulder with gratitude.)  I want to thank you for putting me here
for the night.  I honestly don't know what came over me.

AMY:  Brain seizure caused by cell phone radiation?

HELEN: (rolls her eyes)  Oh Amy...

(She gives Amy a hug, which succeeds in disarming the Cynical Aunt.  Her face
softened, she watches as Helen walks back over to where her work clothes
are gathered.  Although Amy doesn't buy Helen's miraculous turn-around for
one second, she decides not to press, at least for the time being.)

AMY:  It's too bad you couldn't stay an extra day.  I could show you more than
the confines of this place.

HELEN: (stunned)  This *is* the first time I've seen your home, isn't it?

AMY: (smiles)  *Any* of my homes since I stopped living with Mom and Dad.

HELEN:  I never realized.  (Her forehead creases with discomfort.)  There
must be so much I don't know about your...

(Something dangling from a handle bar or the exercise bike catches her eye.
Helen reaches over and takes it, holds it up to Amy with a curious expression.
Handcuffs.)

AMY: (rolling her eyes)  *Don't* ask.

(Dissolve to a short time later.  Still dressed in Amy's pajamas, Helen
takes a stroll around the apartment.  From the look on her face, it's
clear she approves of Amy's taste.  She moves from the hallway to the
living room, taking a good look at the furniture and the modern artwork.
Some of the furniture appears to be mismatched, as though it were added
to an already completed set, but looks handsome nonetheless.  Helen heads
toward the bay window, from which the curtains have been drawn back,
allowing one to view a leafy courtyard below and the city skyline and
part of the ocean in the near distance.  As she gazes out the window,
Helen gets an expression that says, "It sure would be nice to wake up
to *this* every morning."  She then turns and looks at something off
screen.  At first Helen's face registers shock, but then it softens
immeasurably.  She stares at the object for a little while longer
before turning around and heading toward the hallway.  When she finds
Amy pouring more coffee in the kitchen:)

HELEN:  You know, it wouldn't hurt me to stay a while longer.



****************
END OF ACT ONE

[Shot of Helen and Eric, followed by shot of Trent talking into the coffee
pot, followed by shot of Jane and Daria on the phone, followed by shot of
Helen holding out the handcuffs to Amy.]

***You are now entering commercial *HELL*.  Please keep your seatbelt
securely fastened.  You are about to see some of the lamest commercials
put on television.***

1) "Next Monday, on the Ten Spot: It's the concluding half of 'All But
Forgotten.'  All of your questions will be addressed.  Don't you hate
two-parters?"

2) The commercials where the "teenager" tries to get people to buy a
Penteum 3 processor.  It was cute the first time, when he used sophisticated
props to convince his dad, less cute when he started going door to door
to convince other people's parents.  And now that he's stopping people in
public places...

3) I hope they've finally stopped running those karaoke ads.  Is selling
jeans really worth butchering the song "Downtown"?

***You are now leaving commercial *HELL*. Aren't you happy you survived?***


ACT TWO

SCENE 1 (Morgendorffer residence, late morning)

(Shot of the outside.  Cut to shot of Quinn standing in the kitchen, fishing a
box of super-healthy bran flakes out of the cupboard.  Just as she's getting
a bowl, we see Daria walk past her to the sink, phone in one hand, plate of
cake crumbs in the other.)

QUINN: (eyeing the plate with disgust)  Cake for breakfast *again*??  Can't
you eat something *healthy*??

DARIA:  I did.  (lays her plate in the sink.)  It's low-fat cake.

QUINN:  You're gonna end up like one of those *blob* people who can't do
anything but sit in bed and watch T.V. all day.

DARIA:  At least that'd give me an excuse.

QUINN: (smirks)  If Mom saw you, you'd be in *so* much trouble.

DARIA:  Mom's not here.

QUINN:  *This* time.

DARIA:  No, I mean she's *not* here.  Not here in town.  (glances down at
the phone.)  She called while you were in the shower.

QUINN: (surprised)  Where is she?

DARIA:  At Amy's.

QUINN:  Why?  Is Aunt Amy sick, or something?

DARIA: (cocking a skeptical brow)  Possibly.  According to Mom, some crisis
of Amy's compelled her to abandon work and drive up to be with her.

QUINN:  Sounds bad: she's never done that for us.

DARIA: (as though her thoughts are elsewhere)  Right.

QUINN:  I hope Amy's not having more problems with that Joel.  Stacy told
me she heard you could get *so* depressed after fighting with a guy, you
only eat ice cream and wear the same baggy clothes.

DARIA:  Once again, you've failed to illustrate the downside.

QUINN:  So if Mom's with Aunt Amy and Dad's not around... I guess you and I
are by ourselves again.  (Her face loses some of its glow.)

(Daria looks at her, and something in Quinn's expression causes her to
think of something.  She glances down at the phone again.)

DARIA:  Hold that thought: I'll be right back.

(Daria heads upstairs with the phone.  Quinn gets a look of abandonment.)

(cut to: )

SCENE 2 (Amy's place, at that time)

(Shot of the outside.  Cut to shot of Amy standing in front of a closet near
the front door, trying to decide which coat to select.  Helen walks over,
tugging on the blazer Amy'd lent her, having ended the phone call with Daria
minutes earlier.)

AMY: (cocking a brow)  You lied to your own child.

HELEN: (ashamed, but resolute)  Well I already lied to her *once*.  No harm
in finishing what I started.

AMY:  But you painted *me* to look like the basket case.  How fair is that?

HELEN:  So you'd rather I tell her the truth: that her mom "lost it" and
ran up to see you?  She'd never let me forget it.

AMY:  You're giving Daria too little credit.

HELEN:  Once when I was weak with the flu, she got me to agree to *never*
make her join an activity without a minimum bribe of thirty dollars.  I
even signed on it.

AMY: (smirks)  Clever girl.  But surely she'd know this is different.

HELEN: (quiet)  I just don't want her to know.  Any of them.  (lowers 
her eyes.)
They depend on me so much, I wouldn't want to give them reason to worry.

(Amy cocks a brow with mild sympathy.  Before she can say any more, we hear a
musical ring in the next room.)

JOEL: (walking on screen, buttoning his cuffs)  Ame, isn't that your work cell?

AMY:  Yes.  (sour look.)  Tell people you don't *want* weekend calls 
and they'll
think you're using reverse psychology.  Hold on.

(She leaves.  Cut to shot of her moments later in her bedroom, picking up a
cell phone which was lying carelessly on a chair and putting it to her ear.)

AMY: (deadpan)  You've reached Papa Risotto's Pizza Delivery Service, proudly
roach-free for seven months.  How may I help you?

DARIA: (VO)  You could start by not mentioning food hygiene.

AMY: (surprised, but reacts quickly)  Not even the flies in our secret sauce?

(Split screen to show Daria turning green on the other end.)

AMY:  So how'd you find my secret number?

DARIA:  You left it for me in case of an emergency.  This seemed like the
right occasion.

AMY:  Household a wreck without Mom?

DARIA:  So my mom *is* with you?

AMY:  Yes.  (Bt., surprised by her niece's question.)  But if you want her
back, I'll accept nothing less than ten thousand in small unmarked bills.

DARIA: (can't think of a comeback)  Was she with you last night?

AMY:  Why do you ask?

DARIA:  She wasn't at her office.  Something Jane said made me check
her work phone... a few times.  (reddens.)  When she didn't answer, I
thought...

(Beat)

AMY: (gentle)  She showed up here late last night.  As far as I know, she
never stopped anywhere else.

(Daria exhales silently.)

DARIA:  Well that's nice to hear.  (awkward.)  So I guess I'll just go
skipping off into the sunset.  Sorry to bother you...

AMY: (gently pressing)  Daria?  Is there anything I should know about?

(Pause.  Daria considers how much to tell Amy about the mood around her house
over the past month, whether to go over her various speculations.  Finally
she reduces her concerns to their barest form.)

DARIA:  Just that my parents haven't exactly been getting along.  (Bt)  Not
even enough to argue like they usually do.

AMY: (frowning mildly)  I see.

(Beat)

DARIA:  Aunt Amy?  You'll keep Mom from doing anything... she might regret...
won't you?

(Pause)

AMY: (softly)  You can count on it.

(Cut to full-screened shot of Daria, shortly after the phone call.  She gazes
at the phone with a faintly reassured expression.  Her thoughts are suddenly
interrupted by a familiar voice off screen.)

JAKE: (VO)  Gah!  We're out of Sugared O's!

(Daria swivels around to face the door and hops off the bed.  Quickly, she
leaves the room and heads downstairs.)

(cut to: )

SCENE 3 (kitchen)

(Cut to shot of Quinn seated at the counter, eating her cereal slowly.  Her
eyes are on Jake, off screen.  Daria comes up and stands beside her.  Pan to
show Jake rummaging through the cupboard in search of edible cereal, dressed
in a rumpled T-shirt and jeans... possibly last night's outfit.  Cut to
shot of Daria and Quinn.  They glance at each other, silently communicating
disturbed thoughts.  Cut to shot of Jake.  He pauses on Quinn's box of health
cereal, shakes it slightly to see how full it is, then slides it back into
the cupboard as if he'd never seen it.)

JAKE: (goes over to the fridge)  Dammit, there's not one *lousy* stinking
thing to eat in this *whole* house!  (opens the fridge door.)  Ooh, cake!

DARIA:  It does a body good.

(Jake takes the box out, glances around uneasily.)

JAKE:  What your mother doesn't know won't hurt her.  You girls won't tell,
will you?

(Again, Daria and Quinn look at each other, bothered by their father's choice
of words.)

QUINN:  Actually, Dad --

(She's quickly silenced by Daria, who feels it's the wrong time to mention
that Helen has gone away.)

DARIA: (different tactic)  I think she might be more concerned with you
breaking curfew, young man.

JAKE: (distressed)  Aww, but I *told* her before we left for work that I
was gonna be out late last night!  Don't tell me she forgot.

DARIA:  Um, you could say that.

QUINN: (annoyed)  You've been out, like, a *lot* lately.

DARIA:  Does this secret other family of yours make you change light bulbs
into the wee hours of night?

JAKE: (face bright red)  "Other" family??  Wh-what do you mean??

QUINN:  She's kidding, Dad.  (Bt)  I think?

JAKE:  Oh yeah.  (chuckles uneasily.)  Good one, kiddo.

DARIA: (deadpan)  Thanks.  (Bt)  So if it's not another family, what *is*
making you burn the midnight oil?

JAKE: (face lights up)  Oh man, all *kinds* of stuff!  I haven't felt so
alive since I was back in college.  You girls would love it!

QUINN:  Would you take us??

JAKE:  Well su-- (His face falls, as if he's remembering something.)  Um,
actually, I don't think it'd be your thing.

QUINN:  But you *just* said --

JAKE:  C'mon you guys (chuckles.) you never want to hang out with your old
man.  You're always busy with dates and T.V. and stuff.

DARIA: (quietly acknowledging this)  We'd make an exception in this case.

JAKE:  And Quinn, sweetie, don't you have that important math thing coming
up?

QUINN:  The Advanced Placement test?  But that's weeks away.

JAKE: (uncomfortable)  Well, um... no time to study like the present.

DARIA:  Dad, has it escaped your attention?  We just *offered* to spend
time with you.  As in voluntarily.

QUINN: (turning on the guilt-trip charm)  Don't you want to enjoy the last
fleeting moments of daddy-daughter bonding before Daria and I, like, head
off into the sunset of college?

DARIA:  Or the penitentiary.

JAKE: (guilty, yielding)  Aw geez... you're right.  I *should* spend more
time with you guys.  (Bt)  Maybe you could hang with me when I do the
weeding this afternoon.

QUINN:   Ewww, Dad!  Not *chores*!

JAKE: (confused)  But you said --

DARIA: (cutting to the gist)  What would be so bad about us coming with
you on one of your outings?

(She and Quinn both tensely wait for a response.)

JAKE: (reddening)  I'd like to, girls, I really would.  (lays the now-empty
cake box on the counter.)  But... aw, I just *can't*!  (distressed.)  I don't
think you'd ever understand, and you'd be *way* too mad at me, anyway.
(lowers his head and walks away.)  I'm sorry.

(When he's gone, Quinn gets a look that verges on panic.)

QUINN:  He didn't even *ask* where Mom was.  It's like he doesn't even *care*.

DARIA: (more calm, but still alarmed)  Now, now.  Let's not jump to any
conclusions.

QUINN: (face falling)  Okay.  (Pause)  So what do we do now?

(Beat)

DARIA:  I'm going to call Jane.

(fade-out.  fade-in to: )

SCENE 4 (a fancy restaurant, noon)

(Shot of a tall building with reflecting walls.  Slow zoom in on the top floor.
Cut to wide shot of the interior, showing several tables with fancy 
white cloths
and nicely-dressed people seated at them, against the backdrop of a panoramic
view of the city.  Light piano music plays in the background.  Cut to close-up
of a waiter at one table, pouring coffee.  He nearly spills it as the piano
player suddenly hits several discordant notes all at once.  Cut to another
table.  The people pause in the midst of eating their brunch as the piano
player launches into a rendition of Queen's "We Are the Champions."  Cut to
shot of Amy and Helen, seated across from each other at a table near 
the window.
Amy calmly sips a mimosa, while Helen glances off screen, blushing with
mortification.)

AMY:  So did I mention that Joel's a talented musician?

(Cut to shot of him seated at a grand piano not far away, plunking away at the
keys with a lot of gusto, often striking the wrong ones.)

AMY: (off screen)  Just not on the piano.

(Cut to shot of a waiter heading over to the maitre d', then whispering and
looking at Joel with a menacing expression.  Cut to shot of Amy and Helen,
moments later.  Amy smirks with amusement and sympathy as her 
boyfriend appears,
looking his best to seem nonchalant.)

JOEL: (sitting down)  That should teach 'em to hold up our orders.

AMY:  Mr. Perfect couldn't master the piano keys in five minutes' time?
I'm disappointed.

JOEL: (sheepish)  I swear they tuned that thing all wrong.  (looks at Helen,
smirks.)  Geez, I'm an engineer, jazz clarinetist, conqueror of all
two hundred levels of Internet Dragon Slayer, an interpreter of animal
sounds --

AMY:  And modest, too.

JOEL: -- and it still isn't enough.  You can't please this woman.

(Amy reaches into her purse and takes out a twenty, which she slips him as she
leans over to give him a smooch on the lips.  They'd made a bet, and she'd
lost.  Helen looks as though she'd like to melt into her seat.)

HELEN: (irritated, but can't hide a touch of amusement)  You two make me
feel like I'm out with my daughters.

AMY:  Funny: I thought Daria and Quinn would be more mature.

HELEN:  Does it even worry you that we might get thrown *out*?

AMY:  We won't, Helen, trust me.  They know us here.

HELEN: (rolling her eyes)  And I suppose you'll tell me you've pulled these
stunts before and nothing's come of it.

AMY:  Well if you mean the *same* stunts...

JOEL:  Only when we've been treated rudely.  When threatening to not pay has
no effect on them.

AMY:  When they have the gall to charge ten dollars for a plate of raw
asparagus.

JOEL:  So about... (furrows his brow.) all but two times.

HELEN:  Then *why* even come?

AMY: (incredulous)  Are you kidding?  (turns toward the window.)  Would you
look at the view??

(Helen groans and shakes her head.  Joel looks meaningfully at Amy.)

JOEL:  Change of subject?

AMY:  Go for it.

JOEL: (leaning back, smirking)  So what do mature women like yourself do
for fun, Helen?

HELEN: (face lighting up)  Oh many things.  Especially -- (Inexplicably,
her face loses its glow.) um... nothing.

(Joel cocks a quizzical eyebrow and glances at Amy.)

AMY: (gently prodding)  You like sculpting, don't you?

HELEN:  I used to.  (a little curt.)  But not anymore.

(Amy raises a brow at her tone, then glances at Joel, who makes
another attempt.)

JOEL:  Yeah, some people get all the pleasure they need from their jobs.
Amy told me you're one hell of a lawyer.

HELEN:  How sweet of her.  (She smiles faintly at her sister, then
her expression darkens into gloom once more.)

(Joel shakes his head at Amy: "All right, *now* what??"  "Damned if I
know," her expression replies.  Amy realizes she needs to confront
what's bothering Helen, but now is not the time or place.  As the
waiter appears with their food, Joel gets another thought.)

JOEL:  All righty...  (He spears his eggs and glances back and
forth between Helen and his significant other.)  Now that I've finally
got more than one Barksdale sister here, I'm dying for answers to the
many questions I have.

(This shakes Helen out of her funk.  With a hint of surprise and
bemusement, she looks at Amy.  Amy wiggles her brows.)

AMY:  Think we should indulge him?

HELEN:  If his questions get too personal, we'll plead the Fifth.

JOEL:  Amy's shown me photo albums of when you guys were young.  So it's
always been you three girls, right?

HELEN:  Yes.

AMY:  There was a fourth sister, but she broke with us over creative
differences.

JOEL: (knowing half-smirk)  Was Amy really the lonely, neglected waif
growing up that she makes herself out to be?

(Amy rolls her eyes, a little annoyed by his choice of words.)

HELEN:  She certainly wasn't.  The age difference may have
contributed to her feeling left out, but she was no worse off than me
or Rita.  (pointedly.)  In fact, I'd say she had a few things better.

AMY:  Ooh, do tell.

HELEN:  At least when *she* couldn't drive, she could always snap her
fingers and one of us would chauffeur her around.

AMY:  Usually to someplace I didn't want to go.

HELEN:  She had a nice, *normal* childhood -- yes, you *did* -- in a quiet
suburb with her whole family intact.  She wasn't shuffled off to four
new locations in six years where she had to make friends quickly if she
wanted any at all.

JOEL:  That'd be no problem for you, right Ame?

AMY:  Wherever I go, popularity follows.

HELEN:  In that atmosphere, developing the right networking skills was
essential.  And *she* didn't have to hover about her mailbox or the
phone waiting for some word from our father stationed overseas.

AMY: (shadow on her face)  Nope.  I had to deal with him at home.

JOEL: (to Helen)  How often was he away?

HELEN:  A lot.  (hint of pride.)  Dad was a *very* important man in
the armed services.  They'd keep him abroad for months at a time, first
in post-war Germany, then in Korea.  There were a couple of years when
we were lucky to see him for even a few months.

AMY:  Amazing he found time to sire his young.

HELEN: (raising a brow at her)  But at least he never forced us to
relocate to another country.  God knows how disruptive that would
have been.  Right before Amy was born, he retired from the army for
good.

AMY:  To embrace his *true* love: aluminum siding.

HELEN:  Our family business, which he ran *very* successfully.

AMY: (hushed)  But not enough to forget what he gave up.

HELEN: (to Joel)  And so these early experiences explain why my family
is so important to me, why I try to make time for them every evening.
Because I remember what it was like to miss a parent and wonder when
he'd be coming home -- (recalls her current situation.)  I mean...
I mean...

(Helen gazes down at her food, looking very distressed.  Joel looks
at her as though he's sorry he brought up the subject.  Amy's
expression changes from peevish to sympathetic, and she tries to
think of a way to ease the tension.)

AMY: (smirk)  All right, I plead "uncle."  My childhood *wasn't* as
overtly dysfunctional as Helen's was.  (glances at Joel.)  Or yours.

JOEL:  So it was covertly dysfunctional?

AMY:  By the time I came of age, it seemed like we'd been living
in Rutherfold forever.  We all had our little routines down.

HELEN: (polishing off her mimosa)  Routines?

AMY:  You know. (cocks a brow.)  Mother was the happy society matron
with a million activities that she claimed were all of dire importance,
but you know were just an excuse to keep her out of the kitchen.

(Helen lets out a little groan and looks at Joel as if to say,
"What are we going to do with her?")

AMY:  Dad worked twelve hour days and even longer weekends.  Rita had
a knack for strategy games like chess, but wisely never let it shine
through her homecoming queen persona.  And as for you, my dear Helen --

HELEN: (bemused)  Yes, what *was* I, Amy darling?  Overworked?
Stressed-out by too many activities and too much responsibility?  Don't
think for one minute I don't know what you're going to say.

(Beat)

AMY:  You were someone who always strove to be something she wasn't.

(Helen's eyes widen slightly; clearly she didn't expect that reply.)

JOEL: (bemused)  What kind of something?

(Amy responds by tipping the last of her mimosa into her mouth.)

(cut to: )

SCENE 5 (Pizza King, afternoon)

(Shot of the outside.  Zoom in on a sign in the window: UNDER NEW
MANAGEMENT.)

QUINN: (OS)  You mean someone's actually DIED from eating here?!

(Cut to wide shot, where we see that Daria and Quinn are seated across
from Jane in the booth.  Jane groans and slaps her forehead.)

JANE:  For the thousandth time, no!

DARIA:  I told you we should go to the Flaming Chili Barn, but you just
had to be adventurous.

(She picks up a slice and eyes it warily before nibbling at the edge.
Quinn, of course, avoids it altogether.)

JANE:  All right, we've established that you're beyond the point of
denial, where your dad's extra-strange behavior could all be in your
head.  Correct?  (Daria and Quinn nod slowly.)  So what would be the
harm in following him?

DARIA:  Besides risking our necks in the dead of night for evidence that
could be inconclusive at best.

QUINN: (emphatic)  I won't go after midnight: cold night air is bad for
the skin.

DARIA: (to Jane)  Then sneaking out after midnight it is.

(This gets a smirk from Jane, but Quinn doesn't appreciate it.  Her cheeks
redden and her expression becomes irritated.)

JANE:  So have you given this prior thought?

DARIA:  Yes, but not seriously.  I was too afraid of what I'd find.

QUINN: (face brightening)  Daria, maybe we could ask the Guptys to help
us again.  It worked the last time.

DARIA:  Well they *have* finally lifted that restraining order.  But...

(The expression on her face is clear: "This isn't like the last time."
Quinn picks it up and nods quietly.)

QUINN:  Then maybe we should just *ask* Dad where he goes.  Tell him it, like,
hurts us that he keeps it a secret.

DARIA:  Good idea.  (deadpan.)  Please Dad, tell us where you go.  It hurts me
when you keep it a secret.

(Jane erupts in a fit of chuckling.)

QUINN: (frowning) *Fine*.  Forget I said *anything*.  (She slumps against
the back of the seat.)

JANE:  Now, now, what's the worst thing that could happen if you *did*
ask him?

DARIA:  Nothing... except he would evade.

JANE:  Even if you made your eyes all big and sweetie-poo?

DARIA:  Then he'd want my head examined.  (sighs.)  I've given him
every opportunity to 'fess up, and each time he's come close,
something has stopped him.

JANE:  Hey!  Have you tried --

DARIA:  His wallet is clean.

JANE:  Damn.

DARIA:  Following him is the only way to produce results, I guess.

JANE:  At least it'd be better than waiting for the other shoe to
drop.  (mischievous.)  Be sure to go disguised.

DARIA: (nods)  All I need is my trusty accordion and a pet monkey.

(Dissolve to sometime later.  Daria and Jane have parted with Quinn,
and are now walking up to the Lanes' front door.)

DARIA:  Thanks for agreeing to meet with us.

JANE:  Hey, I'm not *so* busy that I couldn't be there for you in
your time of crisis.  Tom would be, too, if his parents hadn't dragged
him to some fundraiser.

DARIA:  Thus the true reason you were free.

JANE:  Oh come *on*, Daria, give me some credit.  I felt really bad
about skipping out on you the last time your parents had a marital
split.

DARIA:  And missing the Guptys' vacuous meddling had nothing to do with
it, I'm sure.

JANE:  This time I want to be there for *all* the dirt, dammit.  (Her
jovial mood dims somewhat as she opens the door.)  Hey... I'm sorry
I didn't tell you about your dad and the Greg thing sooner.

DARIA: (cocking an eyelid)  At least you waited until Quinn was gone.

JANE: (contrite)  It's just that as far as I could tell, nothing
ever went on between Greg and your mother.  (quickly.)  And telling
you would've meant telling you I was volunteering at your mother's
art class in the *first* place, and she just seemed so happy sculpting,
I didn't have the heart to make fun of her, and --

DARIA:  I get it, Brittany.  (defensive.)  And I wouldn't've made
fun of her.  Once the novelty wore off.

JANE: (softly)  So, do you think the Greg thing is somehow connected?

(Beat)

DARIA:  On the surface, it doesn't seem like it.  Dad's the only one
of my parents with the mysterious life.  Unless it's a lot more
twisted than it appears.

JANE:  Dare we think?

DARIA: (rolling her eyes)  Maybe my *dad's* having an affair with Greg.

(cut to: )

SCENE 6 (driving along, afternoon)

(Shot of the convertible traveling down a busy city street.  Amy
drives, while Joel rides shotgun and Helen sits in the back beside
a clarinet case.  Amy glances at Helen in the rearview mirror, and
sees that her gloom has returned.  She sighs inwardly.)

(Dissolve to sometime later.  The car is parked in the lot of a grand
civic center composed of shiny glass buildings and outdoor theatricals.
In the central court yard, Helen sits on a grey cinderblock, seemingly
unmoved by clowns walking around her on stilts or a Middle Eastern
folk band playing nearby.  Amy and Joel sit off in a corner in an effort
to avoid the crowd, observing.)

JOEL: (noting Amy's concerned look)  We can't make her stay if she
doesn't want to.

AMY:  Who says I'm making her stay?  She's the one who asked.  (brow
creases.)  In all honesty, I think she's afraid to leave.

JOEL:  But has yet to tell you why?

AMY: (nods slowly)  I'll get it from her somehow.  If she won't
volunteer, I'll have to fire up my poker.  (cocks a brow.)  Besides,
I made a promise.

JOEL:  Promise?

AMY:  To make sure she doesn't get into trouble.  (lays a hand on her
forehead.)  God, it's like a fox promising to guard the hen house.

(Joel squeezes her other hand and checks his watch.)

JOEL:  Damn, I'd better run.  But while you hang out with your sister,
you won't forget your own stuff will you?

AMY: (rolls her eyes)  Oh, right.

JOEL:  There's still time.

AMY:  I know.

(Cut to shot of Helen, staring at her cell phone like she feels she should
use it, but doesn't have the will.  Moments later, Amy walks over to her,
alone.)

HELEN:  Oh hi, Amy.  (glances around.)  Where did your boyfriend run off to?

AMY:  He'd made a prior date with his friend to work on their jazz medley,
so he's taking the subway over.  We'll see him later.

HELEN:  Oh.  (Bt., uncomfortable)  That wasn't the only prior commitment
he'd made, was it?

AMY:  No, but the one to jam with Louis Armstrong fell through.

HELEN:  Amy, I'm serious.  I keep feeling as though I've interfered with
something.  Two young, energetic people such as Joel and yourself *must*
have made holiday weekend plans.

AMY:  Wow: "young" and "energetic".  I'm truly flattered. (brow furrows.)
But trust me: if you were in the way of something important, I'd have
directed you back onto the interstate hours ago.

HELEN: (relieved)  All right.

(She and Amy head toward the car.  As they do so, Helen cocks a knowing
brow at her sister.)

HELEN:  You know Amy, Joel doesn't come across in person the way you
described him to be.

AMY:  What do you mean?

HELEN:  Controlling?  Exacting?  Intrusive??

AMY:  Oh, that.  (blushes a bit.)

HELEN:  You two are on such a similar wavelength, you practically finish
each other's sentences.  Now *what* could be wrong with that?  (quieter.)
We should all be so lucky.

AMY:  There's *nothing* wrong with that; that's part what's held our
relationship together, even when everything else sucked.

HELEN:  Things are better now, though, right?

AMY: (nodding)  We still have our moments, but yeah.  (Bt)  Say, since
it's just us girls, maybe we should go refurbish our wardrobes.  (eyes
Helen in her borrowed clothes.)  You could do with a couple of
sequined bras.

HELEN: (rolls her eyes)  Or at least we can go someplace you want
to go now.

AMY: (frowns)  What makes you think I don't like being here?

HELEN:  Every place we've been, you've seemed so detached, I just thought
these were Joel's favorite spots.

AMY: *I've* seemed detached... (The color in her cheeks suggests that her
sister's analysis is more accurate than she'd care to admit.)  Well I
do have spots that are nearer and dearer to my stone heart.

HELEN:  Are we going to see them?

AMY:  That depends: will you tell me what brought you to visit?

(She and Helen seat themselves in the car.)

HELEN:  I don't suppose you'd have told me about these special places
if I hadn't asked?

AMY:  Helen, we're alone.  You don't have to be self-conscious.

HELEN: (closes her eyes)  Oh Amy, we're not back at Square One, are we?

AMY:  Asks the woman who hasn't answered my question.

HELEN:  *Please* tell me you would have said something!

(Amy's eyes widen at her intensity.)

AMY:  Okay.

HELEN:  I'm sorry.  It's just after the last two times we spent
together, I've felt a lot closer to you then I have in a long time,
maybe more than I ever have.  It's as if we could finally speak to
each other as adults.

AMY: (blushing faintly)  Oh?

HELEN:  And I'd hate it if any more secrecy or misunderstandings popped
up to diminish that.  So please... if there's anything you're holding back,
if any new problems with Joel surface, I hope you would trust me enough.

(Amy's face softens.)

AMY:  Very well.  But you *do* realize trust is a two way street.  (Helen
looks at her, nods gravely.)  If you thought by choosing to hide out with
Baby Sis, you could avoid your problems, think again.  You've been falling
in and out of a funk all day, and it's time you came clean.

HELEN:  I know, I know. (meek sarcasm.)  Though after what you said in the
restaurant, I thought you had me figured out.

AMY:  Maybe you'll prove me wrong.  (Bt)  Is it about work?

(Helen gets a melancholy expression.  Sensing she's about to hit gold,
Amy probes deeper.)

AMY:  What happened at work?

HELEN:  You mean what *didn't* happen? (sighs.)  But my troubles at work
are really just the latest in a series of setbacks.

AMY:  What kind of setbacks?  At home, too?  (Bt)  With Jake?

(Helen closes her eyes, her expression pained and overwhelmed.  Amy lays
a hand on her arm.)

AMY:  Shhh, just take it slow and start from the beginning.

HELEN: (short laugh)  I don't even think I know where that is.

AMY:  When did you first start feeling like this?

HELEN:  Who knows?!  But I do know that I want it to go away, because I
can't *live* like th...  (Suddenly she gets a stunned expression.)

AMY:  What is it?  (Helen turns slowly and looks Amy over.)  Helen?

HELEN: (quiet)  You.

AMY:  What?  You can't live like me??

HELEN:  It was you.  I kept wondering what my main reason for visiting was,
and now I know: you're the cause of my problems.  You *started* everything.

AMY: (winces at her angry tone)  You're not just looking for a convenient
villain?

HELEN: (resolute) My life was perfectly content until you came to visit
that one weekend.  Since then, one thing after another has gone wrong.

(Amy just stares at Helen with disbelief, before her typical cynicism
reasserts itself.  She twists her key in the ignition.)

AMY:  Well this I've gotta hear.  I should have known you didn't come
just to confide in me.

(fade-out.  fade-in to:)

  SCENE 7 (Morgendorffer residence, later)

(Shot of the outside.  Cut to shot of Daria standing next to her bed,
looking over several "going-out" provisions with a dubious expression.)

QUINN (off screen)  Hey Daria, before you go out on your scavenger hunt
tonight, there's something you may want to do.

DARIA:  What?

QUINN:  Reconsider.

(She walks up to Daria, holding a sheet of yellow paper.)

QUINN: (note of triumph)  I know you, like, think you thought of everything
when you went through Dad's wallet and his other stuff, but you neglected
to check his briefcase.

DARIA:  It has a combination lock.

QUINN:  Daria, Daria, Daria, it's all numbers.  You just have to find the
right ones.

DARIA: (rolls her eyes)  Thanks so much for the enlightenment, Sir Isaac.

QUINN:  And a really good nail file.

(She hands Daria the sheet of paper, which Daria reads carefully.)

DARIA: "The Great Chili Cook-Off and T-Ball Tournament, held at..."
Well at least we know where he's going tonight.

QUINN:  And we know who he's going *with*.

(She turns the paper over, revealing barely-legible handwriting.  It reads:
"As always, I'll look forward to seeing you tonight, Jake.  And in case you
forgot again, my number is...")

(Daria and Quinn look at each other.  Daria clears off the bed and they both
sit down.  Daria reaches for the phone, then pauses to gage Quinn's response.
Quinn nods tensely.)

DARIA: (as she dials)  There's something familiar about this handwriting.

QUINN:  Hmm, yeah.

(The phone rings a few times, then: )

VOICE:  Who shall I ask is CALLING??

(The volume and the force of the voice catch Daria off guard, and she drops
the phone onto the bed.)

VOICE:  PerHAPS I didn't make myself CLEAR.

(Daria and Quinn gaze at each other, stunned.  The phone is loud enough for
them both to hear.)

VOICE:  When a person CALLS, said person must IDENTIFY himself!  Only an
IDIOT would think otherwise!  Is that YOU, Kevin?!

(Hurriedly, Daria places the phone back on its hook.)



****************
END OF ACT TWO

[Shot of Jake with Daria and Quinn in the kitchen, followed by shot of
Joel playing the restaurant piano, followed by shot of Helen and Amy
in the car, followed by shot of Daria dropping her phone onto the bed.]

***You are now entering commercial *HELL*.  Please keep your seatbelt
securely fastened.  You are about to see some of the lamest commercials
put on television.***

1) Gah, and those annoying commercials where you see women in tears
as they confess to their Rite-Aid pharmacist that they have some life-
threatening disease.  "I just can't believe it," one woman quivers, "I
have breast cancer."  "Talk to me anytime," the pharmacist assures her.
Hello??  Why does that not ring true to me?  A pharmacist at a chain store
is not the same as a therapist or a registered nurse.  I doubt real people
with these diseases would get this level of compassion.  And why do they
only show *women*?  Where are all the men quivering with tears??  "I
just found out I have prostate cancer.  I feel so vulnerable."  "My hair
transplant didn't take... I don't know who to turn to."

2) And just to get back on my soap box one last time: no way am I going
to pay heed to that new ad campaign with the sand running out of the
hour glass, stating that my biological clock is running out of time.  I'll
have a family when/if I'm good and ready, thank you.

3) The new TV season will soon be upon us.  For me it feels as though
it's already well under way, given that here in Tinsel Town, they've
been shooting for several weeks.  I can broadcast a dim future for
some of the new shows based on trailers alone.  "Bob Patterson," a
show I interviewed for back in July: the premise looks funny, like
if Stuart Smiley got his own show, but the execution is lacking.
When Bob Patterson (Jason Alexander) talks to a patient using
O'Neill-esque language -- "I wish to communicate to you about your
inability to communicate" -- it just fell flat.  Oh well, anything's
better than "The Michael Richards Show."

And "Emeril"?  "Emeril"??  A sitcom about the cooking show guy?  That
one's dead before it gets off the ground.

Of course, they said that about "Nikki," too...

***You are now leaving commercial *HELL*. Aren't you happy you survived?***


ACT THREE


SCENE 1 (Continuation of previous scene)

DARIA: Well, well.  Mr. DeMartino.

QUINN: (pale)  Oh God, our teacher.

DARIA:  So is this a one-time meeting, or is he the one who's been keeping
Dad from Mom?

QUINN:  And what could Dad be telling him about *us*??

DARIA: (annoyed)  Quinn, I really don't think that's an issue right now.
(Bt)  Oh God: what *could* Dad be telling him about us?

QUINN:  You know, sometimes I'll be sitting in Mr. DeMartino's class,
and he'll come up and, like, give me this strange look.  This "I know
something *you* don't know" look.  (gasps.) What if he's plotting to use
the info *against* us??

DARIA:  The info that Quinn Morgendorffer wet her bed until she was
ten years old?  Don't worry: if he threatens to go public, it won't be
because he heard it from Dad.  (She smirks slightly, wiggles her lids,
and ignores Quinn's murderous expression.)

QUINN: (upset)  *Dammit*, Daria, be serious!  This is just too *weird*.

DARIA: (more sober)  I know.

QUINN:  Of *all* the people Dad could pick for a friend, it had to be
someone *we* knew! (panicking.)  God, what if people at school see them
together and realize Dad is my *dad*??  I could live down glasses and
being on the geek squad and you, but after this, I'd be dropped out of
school!

DARIA: (sharp)  Hey, count your blessings.

QUINN:  Why?!

DARIA  Because Dad's hanging out with a friend and not having an
affair.  (mounting relief.)  Or blowing money at the race track, or
hooking up with a gang of cross-dressing motorcycle thugs.  If it
earns me some extra humiliation, so be it.  Not like I'd know the
difference.

(Quinn considers her words, and realizes how petty she sounds.  She
nods, her cheeks coloring with relief.)

QUINN: (sighing)  I just don't get it, though.  Mr. DeMartino's a scary,
nasty, *oily* guy who could *not* dress to save his life.  What could Dad
like about him??

DARIA:  It does boggle the mind.

QUINN:  Mom's way better.

(Beat)

DARIA: (weary)  Dad might not *always* hang out with him.  For all
we know, he hangs out with the other teachers, too.

QUINN: (instantly pale)  Oh God, no!  Don't even mention them!

DARIA: (musing)  Reading bad poetry with Mr. O'Neill, doing
equations with Mr. Phelps, holding an apple on his head for Ms. Barch.
One big happy school jambor--

QUINN: (plugging her ears)  Cut it *OUT*!

DARIA:  Quinn, we have to accept the fact that there may be other
teachers involved.

QUINN: (miserable)  No, Daria!  This is hard *enough*!

DARIA:  I know it is, Quinn, but if we want to help Dad come back home
to you, me, and Mom, we need to prepare for the worst.

QUINN:  It's not fair.  (squeezes her eyes shut.)  It's just *not*
fair.

DARIA:  We'll get through this.  (sighs.)  So prepare for a *two*
man expedition to visit Dad.

(Quinn hesitates, then nods with a pained expression.)

(fade-out.  fade-in to:)

SCENE 2 (a bar, at that same time)

(Shot of the outside: one of those Hard Rock Caf types of establishments.
Interior shot reveals a dimly-lit, colorful atmosphere, in which rock
music plays softly from the corner speakers.  Helen and Amy sit in one of
the corner two-person booths.  Helen pokes at her own food while watching
Amy stuff chili cheese fries into her mouth and gulp down a beer.  Her
brow is creased with guilt: since she cast blame on Amy for her current
dilemma, her sister has barely spoken.  Helen extends her hand a little
as if to comfort her, then thinks better of it.)

HELEN:  Amy?  (She is greeted with a polite, but cold, expression.)  Look,
honey, it's not all your fault.  You probably didn't know what you were
doing.  But somehow, the things you did just wreaked a lot of havoc
in my life.

(Dissolve to flashback of a scene from "The Tie That Chokes."  Amy
reaches over and snatches Helen's cell phone away from her and starts
talking into it, the sound muted.)

HELEN: (VO)  Like, when you wanted to go out with me for the evening,
you thought nothing of breaking up a conversation with my boss.
(imitates.) "Gee Helen, why are you working so hard?  Work's not the
most important thing on earth, you know!"

AMY: (VO)  I never sound *that* chipper.

HELEN:  At least I got you to break your silence.

AMY:  Hmph.

(Another flashback from "The Tie That Chokes."  Amy sits with Daria
in the living room, both looking pleased with each other's company.
Helen watches in the background, eating Chinese and putting tremendous
pressure on her chopsticks.)

HELEN:  Then there was your rapport with Daria, how you could get her
to open up to you without any struggle.

(Cut to an alternate flashback scene in "That Thing You Say," where
Helen and Daria are angry at each other over the kitchen table.)

HELEN:  If she didn't with me, it must have meant I was doing something
wrong.

AMY: (irritated)  Helen, we've been through this --

HELEN:  Please.  Just let me finish.

(Dissolve to a scene from "None in the Family, Part Two."  Helen,
Amy, Rita, and their mother are seated in their living room.  Amy
talks, the sound muted.  Helen and Rita listen, wearing grim
expressions.)

HELEN:  And then there were those points you made about Dad being
a bad father to us --

AMY:  *Wait*, wait!

(Abrupt return to the present.  Amy's face burns with resentment.)

AMY:  First of all, I never said that Dad was a *bad* father.  Second,
that was from an entirely different weekend.  If you're going to blame
me, at least get your facts straight.

HELEN: (shaking her head)  I know, I know, but don't you see??  In all
three cases, with total audacity you took solid beliefs I had and
turned them inside out.  That my work couldn't be put off, that I'd
achieved as satisfying a relationship with my family as I could expect,
that Dad was... flawless.

AMY: (confused)  I didn't act any differently from how I've always acted.

HELEN: (after a Pause)  Yes.  I guess you're right.  (Bt)  But something
about what you did really stuck with me those times.  And once the thoughts
were there, they never went away.  Like with work...

(Dissolve to shot of Helen at work, we presume not long after Amy's visit
and the resolution of their fight in "That Thing You Say."  She's sitting
at her desk, pouring through briefs.  Dissolve to the second spoke in
the work cycle: Helen pacing the floor, dictating to Marianne, her expression
cross.  Dissolve to the third spoke: Helen sitting in at a lunch meeting
with the other lawyers of her firm, listening while one of the elder
Schrecters drones on and on.  Dissolve to the fourth spoke: Helen talks
loudly and insistently into her cell phone while driving home from work.
Repeat these scenes over and over again, with Helen growing more stressed
out, overwhelmed, and impatient each time.)

HELEN: (VO)  I couldn't understand it.  How could I have been content
with work one week and dreading it the next?

(Flashback/fantasy shot of Helen at her desk, surrounded by stacks of
briefs that tower above her.  She slowly gazes up at the top one --
only to see it crash down on top of her, along with the others.  They
cover her like floodwaters.  Cut to shot of Helen in her SUV, vigorously
shaking her head to rid herself of this scene.  At this point, she doesn't
look as tired as she looked in Act One, but she's getting there.)

HELEN:  Nothing had changed; my role was exactly the same.

AMY:   Maybe *that's* how.  It must get pretty tiresome having to work
so hard for career advancement and never get it.

HELEN: (after an irritated Pause) I tried to make the feeling go away.
"Mind over matter," I told myself.  You can handle *anything* if you
just think positively.

(Cut to flashback shot of Helen.  With renewed determination, she
opens up one of her briefs and starts to read.  Then... moments later,
she lays it aside.)

HELEN:  But it didn't happen.  (uncertain.)  I guess... well maybe the
reason was that I'd grown bored.

(Flashback shot of the Morgendorffer residence.)

HELEN:  Still I thought, "Work will pick up.  In the meantime, I'll
*finally* have an excuse to be with my family."  And I *did* spend
time with them...

(Cut to shot of the Morgendorffers at dinner.  Everything seems normal.
Helen observes Jake, Quinn, and Daria as she eats.)

HELEN:  Of no less quality than any other time we'd spent together.
Even Daria and I were talking more than we had ever been.  (Pause)
But still...

(Cut to Helen's POV: a distorted lens makes everyone else seem farther
away than normal.)

HELEN:  Something was missing.  I don't know what it was.  (cross.)
But I'll bet I never would have *felt* it if it weren't for you.  Oh
you just *had* to get along so famously with my kids, making me feel
inadequate as a parent --

AMY:  Helen, if I may.  (Cut to shot of her and Helen in the present.)
I'm going to wager that my visit didn't plant thoughts in your head so
much as bring doubts you already *had* to the surface.

(Helen's brow creases with discomfort at Amy's explanation.  If it's
true, it means her current situation is a lot darker than she thought.)

HELEN:  Perhaps so.  (sighs.)  Maybe it *wasn't* anyone's fault.
How could I blame Daria for not wanting to be smothered every moment
we were home together?

(Cut to shot of an anxious Helen chasing a wary Daria in the opening
scene of "Breaking the Mold.")

HELEN: (VO)  Any more than I could blame Jake and Quinn for bonding
over Quinn's studies.  Any more than I could blame Jake...

(Cut back to the present.  Helen gets a pained expression and lapses
into silence.  Amy watches her, wondering whether to plunge in and
ask Helen to elaborate, or wait for her to reveal it on her own.)

AMY:  (gentle and hesitant)  So if you came here thinking I was the
cause of your problems, what did you expect me to do?

(Pause)

HELEN:  I don't know.  Maybe I wanted to do something to *you*.
Hurt you to make you feel what I've been feeling.

(Amy blinks, but doesn't show much emotional response.)

HELEN:  But mostly, I guess I wanted you to help make everything
normal again.  (squeezes her eyes shut.)  I don't know why this
had to come out now, *this* year.  Your fault or not, it's like you
said: you've always been *you*, and it never used to effect me.
And I've always been the person who strives for a distant goal and
looks on the bright side of things.  I've had serious problems
before, but I've handled them.  Why can't I do that this time??
(Pause)  What will happen if I don't?

(Amy can't answer.  Like last night, she's overwhelmed by her sister's
emotional display, which is more intense and less amusing than her
outbursts during their parents' fiftieth.  Helen struggles to prevent a
public breakdown.  She notes her sister's silence, and her face wilts.)

HELEN:  You think this is all just a midlife crisis.

AMY: (faint smirk)  Hormonal changes, actually, but midlife crisis
works just as well.

HELEN:  Must everything be a joke to you?!

AMY:  No.  Of course not.  (slight edge in her tone.)  Helen, I don't
know what to say -- except that if I were in your shoes, I'd be no less
confused.  Your problems *do* seem too scattered to have a distinct
cause or solution.

(Pause)

HELEN:  That's not entirely true.  (Amy looks at her inquisitively.)
You see, a while back I joined my first sculpting class.  At first it
was just to prove a point to Daria, but later it took on a whole new
meaning.  And I met this man...

(Cut to flashback shot of Greg taking Helen's hands and teaching her
how to properly mold clay in "Breaking the Mold.")

HELEN: (VO)  He turned out to be an art instructor, so once this class
ended, I took one of his.  Like his art, he proved to be open to
everything and honest with everyone.  And I...

(There is a sudden explosion of sensory images, as though we're
seeing what Helen thinks when she's experiencing a creative surge.
The final image is of her kissing Greg at the end of "An Uneasy
Marriage." It finally bursts, revealing Helen guilty and anguished
in the present.)

AMY:  I see.

(fade-out.  fade-in to: )

SCENE 3 (driving out of town, late evening)

(Shot of Trent's car riding along the same woodsy road as in "Legends
of the Mall."  Cut to shot of the inside, where we see Jane driving and
Daria shotgun.  Quinn sits in the back, her legs drawn up on the seat.)

QUINN: (after a few moments of silence elapse)  Daria?

DARIA:  Yes?

QUINN:  You... no... it's nothing.

JANE:  So ends a stirring conversation.

DARIA:  Much like the ones we have each day at home.

QUINN:  I was just wondering again why Dad would spend all his nights
with Mr. DeMartino.

DARIA:  You mean besides to humiliate you?

QUINN:  (disquieted)  Do you think he likes him better than you, me,
and Mom?

(Daria's expression becomes grim, as if she were pondering the same
thing.)

DARIA:  And how did you arrive at that conclusion?

(Quinn draws her legs closer to her chest.)

QUINN:  I don't know.  Mr. DeMartino's a guy like Dad.  (Pause)  Maybe
he's like the son Dad never had, or something.

JANE: (shuddering)  *That* would be downright bone-chilling.

DARIA:  It's true they share the male preference for scratching and
spitting, but I doubt even *our* dad would hold that in higher
esteem than the attention of his family.

QUINN:  I hope not.  (brow creases.)  Because if he did, I don't think
I'd want to see him.  I think I'd... sort of hate him.

(Daria doesn't respond.  She glances at Jane, cocks an eyelid.)

QUINN: (awkward)  I mean after he started helping me with math, I
sort of felt like I was getting to know him better.  And, like, I
thought he was having fun and everything, because I was.
(frustrated.)  But I guess he *wasn't*, because one night he
wasn't there and then he wasn't there all the nights after that.
If he didn't want to help me anymore he should've just *told* me!

(Her face turns bitter and anguished.  Daria and Jane exchange
glances.)

DARIA:  Maybe he thought you no longer wanted to work with him.

QUINN:  Huh?  Why would he think that??

DARIA:  He never actually said it, but who *wouldn't* think so
after seeing how much time you spend with your *other* mentor?

QUINN:  I do not spend *that* much time with Mr. Phelps!  If this
is gonna be another one of those --

DARIA: (rolling her eyes)  For God's sake, Quinn, it's not --

JANE:  Yo, if you two are gonna have a catfight, save it 'til you're
outside.  Not that Trent's car would look any worse for it, but I
can't aim a camera and concentrate on the road at the same time.

DARIA:  Oh sure, spoil our fun.

(Everyone falls silent for several seconds.)

DARIA: (finally, to Quinn)  You're not to blame for Dad's secret
life.  I don't know who's to blame.  Maybe we all are.

(Cut to the outside.  The woods have dispersed, and a sign at the
side of the road states that they have crossed the county line.
Trent's car sputters down a tree-lined street that gives way to
several storefronts.)

DARIA: (glancing out the window)  You sure this is the right way?

JANE:  This is where the park mentioned in the flier is located.
(Bt)  Look, there it is.

(She pulls up in front of a park next to a community center.  Even
if Jane hadn't pointed it out, Daria and Quinn would have known it
was the park in question, due to the large banner framed by balloons,
groups of people walking across the grass toward the baseball diamond,
a cloud of smoke pouring from a barbecue, and absolutely no parking
spaces nearby.  As soon as Jane pauses the car, Quinn scoots over to
one door and opens it.)

QUINN:  Ugh, get me out of here!  It smells like someone *died*!

JANE: (cryptic look)  Funny story, really...

(Quinn climbs out and slams the door.)

DARIA: (sardonic)  I, too, would like to thank you for driving us.

JANE:  No problem.  Now comes the hard part: finding your dad and
the Terminator.

DARIA: (sighing)  I almost hope we *don't* find them.

(She pauses a few moments before climbing out herself.  She and
Jane both watch the groups of people, mostly men, walk toward the
park from the street.  Daria gets a funny look on her face.)

DARIA:  Jane?  (Pause)  When Quinn asked if Dad liked DeMartino better,
I started thinking...

(Jane glances from the men to Daria, and catches her meaning.)

JANE:  Daria, perish the thought!  So you see a bunch of guys
walking toward the party -- tee-ball and chili are stereotypical
*guy* things.  And even if they were all headed for a Betty Crocker
cook-off, it doesn't mean anything.  It's *circumstantial*.

DARIA:  I suppose.

JANE:  Look how many people have mistaken *us* for being that way
just 'cause we're not girly.

DARIA:  Yeah.  You're right.

(Cut to shot of the outside.  Two men walk past Trent's car, holding
hands.)

JANE: (VO)  Maybe they just don't want to, um, lose each other in the
crowd.

DARIA: (VO)  And maybe I'm a natural blonde.

(cut to:)

SCENE 4 (driving home, at the same time)

(Cut to shot of Amy and Helen in the car, headed back toward Amy's
street.  Amy focuses on the road, while Helen sits slumped over in
the shotgun seat, watching the scenery whirl by.)

HELEN:  This entire day... this whole trip, really... just hasn't
seemed real.  It's as though someone *else* has been talking to
you -- like any moment now I'll wake up and it'll be Tuesday morning
and I'll get ready for work and Jake and the girls will stagger into
the kitchen as I'm about ready to leave.

(Amy looks deep in thought over Helen's dilemma, and something else
as well.)

HELEN:  Of course, ever since *it* happened, that seems to be less
and less the norm.  (Bt., determined.)  But dammit, it can
become the norm again if I want it to be!  I just have to
quit feeling sorry for myself, right?

(Pause)

AMY:  You want my honest opinion?  (Helen's enthusiasm instantly
fades.)  I don't think you can put things back the way they were,
and I don't think *you* think so, either.  (more gentle.)  And
in spite of the pain and confusion you're feeling, do you really
believe it'd be better to go back?

(Helen mulls this over as Amy pulls her car into a garage.  She
looks as though she's readying one reply when another comes out.)

HELEN:  I just hate what this could be doing to my poor girls.
Daria and Quinn are both smart enough to sense there are problems
at home.  It hurts to think they could be suffering.

(cut to: )

SCENE 5 (the Chili Cook-off and T-Ball Tournament)

(Shot of Daria and Jane steering between through the groups of
mostly male attendees.  Daria hovers behind Jane slightly, wearing
a pained, slightly awkward expression.)

DARIA:  I'm just glad my mother doesn't know about this.

(Jane turns to look at her, exasperated.)

JANE:  Quit being so freakin' paranoid, Daria.  This just looks
like a male-bonding frenzy to me, nothing your meat-and-potato
Lawndalite would find unusual.

DARIA:  Then why hold it in the next county, and not in Lawndale?

JANE:  Maybe 'cause not all these people are *from* our blessed
burg?  If this is one of those Promise Keeper outfits, don't
be surprised if the leaders were flown here from a mountain in
Appalachia.  (This quip doesn't even merit a cocked eyelid from
Daria.)  And heck, maybe that's *all* this is.  Maybe your father
and DeMartino are *finally* learning be comfortable with their
masculinity and to control their inner demons.

(Daria looks at her.)

JANE:  You're right: being gay lovers is more plausible.  (She glances
ahead.)  But *unlikely*.  See, look at that guy over there flirting
with Quinn.

(Pan over to show an attractive, well-dressed man leaning against
a tree, while Quinn stands beside him wearing a coquettish look.)

QUINN:  Oh come *on*, a cute guy like *you* doesn't have a
girlfriend??  Not even a trophy girlfriend to make the other guys
jealous??

GUY: (faint disdain)  I don't need a girlfriend for *that*.

(Cut to brief close-up of Jane and Daria, frowning a little with
worry.)

QUINN:  You know, I'm not doing too much this weekend.  Aside from
some math drills and a few other dates...

GUY: (rudely)  No thanks.  I've got other plans.

(He walks away quickly, leaving Quinn to pout with indignation.
Cut to shot of Daria and Jane.)

JANE:  So maybe he considers himself to be too deep for someone like
Quinn.

(Cut to brief shot of the guy.  He suddenly belches loudly and
scratches his crotch.)

JANE:  So anyway...

(Daria takes a good, long look around her.  Zoom out to show the
crowd filled with unfamiliar faces.)

JANE:  What say we just nip this mystery in the bud once and
for all and *ask* someone what this is?

DARIA: (deadpan, but with some trepidation)  And spoil the fun of
not knowing?  (sees Jane's annoyed expression and sighs.)  All right,
all right...

(They walk over to a few men standing near the baseball diamond.
Jane clears her throat loudly, causing them to look her way.)

JANE:  So fellas, what's the occasion for all this?

MAN:  Nothing much.  Just the chance for some guys to get together.

JANE:  Er, in what way?

MAN 2:  Many ways.

MAN 3: (grins)  Many *adventurous* ways.

(Jane pales, not liking where this line of questioning is going.
Daria rolls her eyes and takes over.)

DARIA: (to the point)  Is this a gathering for a men's club?

MAN:  Yes.  And no.

DARIA: (annoyed)  How can it be both??

MAN 2:  You two don't look much like guys.

DARIA:  That's *not* what I meant.

MAN 3:  Look, we told Prof it'd be nice if we could take some
time off away from class and hang out, get to know one another.

(Daria looks at Jane, exhales slowly.)

DARIA:  So this is just for a class?

MAN 3:  Two, actually.  The Prof invited one of the other prof's
classes to join us.

DARIA:  So it's not...

MAN 3: (confused)  Didn't your daddy tell you when he brought you
here?  (sees Daria's bland look.)  Isn't that why you came?

DARIA: (quiet)  My dad didn't really tell me anything.

JANE:  This "prof" sounds pretty understanding, if I do say so
myself.

(All three men beam.)

MAN:  Yeah, he sure is.  You wouldn't know it, since he tends
to get easily pissed off, but he cares about his students.  He'll
spend hours talking to us after class lets out.

JANE: (putting two and two together)  And this prof, does he shout
a lot?  When he quivers with rage, does his eye bulge?

MAN: (pausing to think)  Hmm, I guess you could say it does.

(Jane looks at Daria, raises a brow.  Daria nods, also putting
two and two together.  Off screen, there's a cracking sound as
bat meets ball.  Cheering is heard all around, and we cut to a
shot of a middle-aged male crossing home plate.  He jogs toward
the three men and Daria and Jane.)

MEN:  Yeah-heyyyy!  All *riiiight*!

(They slap the guy's ass with, perhaps, a bit too much enthusiasm
as far as Daria and Jane are concerned.  They start to get worried
again.)

DARIA: (slowly)  So just what kind of class are you guys --?

QUINN: (off screen)  Daria!  Look!

(Cut to shot of Quinn, who's been standing close by, listening in on
the conversation.  She wears a semi-horrified expression, points
off screen at home plate.  Daria and Jane both turn to look, and
sure enough, we see Jake for the first time, emerging from a dugout
that is partially hidden from view.  He's wearing a faded T-shirt
and jeans and a baseball cap turned backwards.  With vigor and
enthusiasm, he swings an aluminum bat.)

JAKE:  Aw riiiight!  Stand back 'cause old Jakey's really gonna *whack*
it!

DARIA: (hand to her forehead)  Oh God.  I should have known.

(In preparation, Jake beats his bat against the ground -- one time so
hard, it sends pain shocks through his hands and causes him to drop
the bat.  He yelps with pain.  Daria cocks a brow: "Typical Dad."
Just then DeMartino bounds out of the dug-out, claps Jake on the
back.)

DeMARTINO: (with more warmth than we're used to hearing)  It's all
*right*, Jake, my man.  Just let the aDRENaline run through ya,
don't try to force it.  An' know I'll be cheering you *on* from
the SIDELINES.

VOICES ALL AROUND:  Yeahhhh Prof!  Whoo-hoo!

JAKE: (warm gratitude)  Thanks, Tony!  This one's gonna be for you.

(Daria watches, expressionless, as Jake beams at DeMartino and claps
his shoulder in an almost hug.  He then walks up to the tee, swings
fiercely amidst whooping and hollering, and nails the ball into left
field.  As the outfielders try to snare it, Jake pumps a fist in
triumph and rounds first base.)

DeMARTINO:  Yeahhhhh, Jake!  That's my boy!  That's my Jake.  (pumps
a fist.)  Yeahhhhh!

(Jake pauses at second, leaning over with his hands on his knees,
panting and wheezing.  Daria looks from DeMartino to her father, and
suddenly it's too much: she turns and walks away.)

JANE: (looking after her)  Daria??  Where are you *going*??

(Daria doesn't stop until Jane restrains her by gripping her shoulder.
Cut to shot of Quinn, glancing between Daria and her father, also
concerned.)

DARIA: (glowering) I've found out what my dad's been up to.  Now we
can leave.

JANE:  Well okay, but you're acting like you just saw your
dad and DeMartino do a liplock.  So your dad likes male bonding.  So
he's in a class taught by DeMartino that's frequented by other guys.
So it's not such a big, scary revelation after all.

DARIA: (turning slowly)  No Jane, that's just it.  It's not a
revelation.

JANE:  Huh?

DARIA:  I feel as though I know even less about my dad now than
I did before, which was hardly anything at all.  (angry.)  If
he's just part of a class, why the hell did he try to hide it
from the rest of us??  And if there's more... (winces, finds
it painful to get the words out.) why didn't he say something
about *that*, too??

(They walk over to a nearby tree and Daria leans back against
its trunk.)

DARIA:  Dammit, he's my *father*.  He's not supposed to keep
secrets from us.  And Mom: she lied to me, too.  Isn't there
*anyone* out there who's got nothing to hide?!

JANE: (smiles, sympathetic)  Ah Daria, you and your never-ending
quest for an honest man.

DARIA: (devoid of sarcasm)  Quest, nothing.  They should have
told us the truth, Jane.  What they're up to could have major
impact on our family, yet they're too selfish to let me and
Quinn come to terms with it.  Well I can't take this.  I'm *sick*
of it.  I can't take it anymore.

(Jane looks at her friend, with her red cheeks and anger glittering
in her eyes, and recognizes warning signs.)

JANE: (softly)  Please Daria, calm down.  Don't run away from
this.  I know it's what made you hide out with the underground paper,
but you'll be making a mistake if you don't face it head on.  (She
waits for Daria's expression to become less intense.)  Your parents
are human beings, and as such they're sickeningly complicated and
annoyingly mistake-prone.

DARIA:  Ooh, what a revelation.

JANE:  But no matter what, just trust that they love you.
They're not doing this on purpose to hurt you and Quinn.  Let
that be your foundation, okay?

(Daria takes a few moments before responding.)

DARIA:  All right.  (nods slowly.)  And my aunt Amy's looking
after my mother.  I know she wouldn't hurt me, either.

(Jane nods, relieved that the bad moment has passed.  Cut to shot
of Quinn, watching them.  Although she's too far away to have
heard most of the conversation, Quinn has gathered that Daria
is in deep distress and has been venting to Jane.  Her expression
is one of sympathy and also a little forlorn, as though she
wishes Daria had confided in her instead.)

MAN: (off screen)  Hey Prof, what's the matter??

(Cut to shot of Jake on second base, looking green around the
gills.)

JAKE:  I think I ate too many chili dogs before my at-bat!

(Cut to shot of Daria and Jane, who look at each other, stunned.)

DARIA & JANE:  "Prof"?!

(Resume shot of Jake.  Still a little shaky, he peers about him.)

DeMARTINO: (off screen)  It'll be *okay*, Jake ol' buddy!  Just
hold it IN 'til you cross home plate!

(Jake looks off screen, and from his POV, we make out a familiar
green blazer and combat boots in the near distance.  Cut to close-up
of Jake's face, getting a feeble, defeated expression.)

JAKE:  Ughhhhhhhhhhh... (He lurches forward.)

(fade-out.  fade-in to: )

SCENE 6 (later)

(Shot of the park, the crowd now much thinned out, with only half
a dozen or so people left.  Zoom in on close-up of Jane and DeMartino
at a snack table, eating the leftover chili.  They keep glancing at
each other awkwardly, then off screen.  Meanwile, cut to shot of Daria
and Quinn following Jake over to one of the trees for some privacy.
They sit down.  Jake is holding another chili dog.)

QUINN: (state of shock)  How did *you* learn to teach??

DARIA: (likewise)  How did *they* entrust you with a classroom??

QUINN:  I thought you had squeaky chalk phobia.

DARIA:  Doesn't the mere idea of giving presentations cause you
to wake up screaming in a cold sweat?

QUINN:  "Professor"??

DARIA:  Why didn't you tell us?

JAKE: (holding up his hands, chili dog dripping)  One at a time,
girls!  (chuckles nervously.)  First of all, I *do* teach, but I'm
not a professor.  That's a nickname they gave me.  Cool, huh?

DARIA: It almost makes up for an evening of emotional turmoil.

JAKE: (blushes)  Yeah... (He chuckles feebly and starts to put an arm
around Daria, but the look on her face discourages him.  He tries to
slip the hand holding the chili dog around Quinn's shoulder, but she
gets an "Ewww!  Gross!" expression.)  I don't *know* why I never said
anything, kiddo.  I guess I got scared.

QUINN: (frowns)  Scared?  Of *us*?

JAKE: (remorseful)  Yeah.  Whenever your mother would ask you about
school or one of your teachers, you would always make them sound so
terrible.  (mumbles.)  Of course maybe I just heard wrong because I
*did* sort of tune things out at times...

DARIA:  So you were afraid we wouldn't respect you if we found out?

JAKE:  Especially if you knew I was friends with your history teacher.
I've done a lot in my day that I'm not proud of, and I didn't
want to make things worse.  I want to be someone you could look
up to.

(Daria and Quinn exchange guilty expressions, remembering their
freak-out about Jake hanging out with the other teachers.)

DARIA:  What you're saying is completely ridiculous.

QUINN:  Yeah, you're our dad no matter what you do.  (She snuggles
up a little next to Jake.)

JAKE: (grateful)  Thanks, girls.  (Unconsciously, he pulls Daria closer,
too.)

QUINN:  But, um, you're not gonna, like, quit your job to be a teacher
full-time, are you?

JAKE: (same scornful tone as Quinn)  Oh *God*, no!  This is just
one class at the University Extension Center.

DARIA: (as Quinn exhales with relief)  And they chose *you* to teach
because...?

JAKE:  Tony -- um, I mean Mr. DeMartino -- teaches Masculinity in a
Post Industrial World for extra money.  One night he called me 'cause
he was feeling a little stressed out (His expression reveals it was more
than that.), and asked if I would fill in.  I didn't want to, but heck,
I couldn't let a good friend down.

(Daria nods, conceding.  Quinn hesitates a little before nodding, too.)

JAKE:  I was sure my students would laugh me away from the podium.
(ominous.)  Just like all those other times...  But I remembered how much
I enjoyed teaching Quinn, so that got me through it.  (Quinn brightens
a little when she hears this.)  And it was amazing, but...

DARIA: (faint smirk)  They didn't laugh at you.

JAKE:  No.  Well *yeah*... but I could tell they weren't being mean.
They thought I was funny.  (reflective.)  I think they liked me.

DARIA:  Did they ever punctuate their laughter with tossed fruit?
(Jake shakes his head.)  Yep.  They liked you.

JAKE:  And I liked them!  Talking in front of a group didn't feel like
torture with them.  And I felt like I was really making a difference
in their lives.

QUINN:  So what about when Mr. DeMartino came back?

JAKE:  By then I'd taught a couple of classes, and they asked me if I
could teach another class.

QUINN: (face pale)  What kind of class??

JAKE:  Something closer to my educational background: The History of
Media Messages and Marketing.

(Quinn breathes a sigh of relief.)

DARIA:  Are your students mostly guys?

JAKE:  Pretty much.  (Daria nods: that explains the number of men
at the gathering.)  So now Tony teaches his class, and I teach my class,
and sometimes both of our groups just go out and have fun -- bowling,
go-carting, you name it.  It's been great.  People listen to what I say
and care about what I think!  I don't remember the last time I felt
so welcome.

(Cut to brief shot of Jane and DeMartino.  Jane pretends to act really
interested in a knot on a nearby tree, while DeMartino's eyes are on
Jake, Daria, and Quinn off screen.  He wears an expression that's hard
to read.)

DARIA:  So is that it?

JAKE:  Yeah.  I teach the class about four nights a week.  (Bt)  Did
you think it was something more?

DARIA: (blushing) Never mind what we thought.

JAKE:  I hope you girls can forgive me.

(Quinn hesitates before nodding silently. She's still put-off by her
father's teaching connection, but she meant what she said about caring
that he was her father above all else.  Daria, herself, feels a little
irritated that Jake didn't mention anything sooner, which could have
prevented a lot of grief.  Still, she knows that his logic is not
always full-proof, and decides to let it go.  Her relief is indescribable;
all of the worry and speculating about what Jake was up to is finally
OVER.  Things can finally start getting back to normal.)

DARIA:  Forgive you for teaching a class?  Dad, you've found something
new that you're good at, and you're giving back to the community without
caring whether it gets you a tax write-off.  You've succeeded at not
being a hypocrite by living with the same values you've tried to instill
in us.  That's pretty damn good, if I do say so.  (At this, Jake beams.)
And someday I'd like to see what you're like in a classroom.

QUINN:  Yeah... me, too.  (quiet.)  But Daddy?  Could you maybe make
this your last class?  I miss having you at home.

JAKE:  Ohhhh...  (Overwhelmed with paternal love for his kids, he
impulsively kisses Quinn, then tries to do the same to Daria, but
she stops him with a look.)

DARIA: (no-nonsense)  Just don't make a habit out of keeping secrets
from us, including Mom.  I bet she's dying to know what you've
been up to.

(At this, Jake's face loses it's glow, and he smiles sadly.)

JAKE:  Oh... she already knows.

(cut to: )

SCENE 7 (Amy's place)

(Shot of the outside.  Cut to close-up of Helen sitting on the edge
of the guest bed, cell phone to her ear.  We hear the phone ring a
couple of times before the answering machine picks up.  Helen punches
a button to end the phone call, then dials another number.  She lays
it to her ear, and waits... only to hear: "You have no new messages."
Sad and discouraged, Helen ends the call and turns off her cell phone.
She closes her eyes, scarcely aware of the chirpy sounds of a clarinet
playing off screen.)

(Cut to shot of Amy sprawled across the sofa in the darkened living,
numbly watching television.  The clarinet sounds can be heard here
as well.)

COMMERCIAL: (off screen)  What happens when an attractive young FBI
agent is forced to move to her home town to hide out from the mob??
Adventure and heartwarming fun, that's what!  All on "Abruptly Amy"!

(Amy's expression sours at the thought of her name being a part of
such a lame premise, and languidly holds up the remote to change
the channel.  Just then Joel enters from the hallway, playing the
final notes of a clarinet solo.)

JOEL:  Your musical muse is home.

AMY: (absently)  Since when did I start dating Dave Matthews?

JOEL:  Since *I* broke up with you to date Julia Roberts, remember?

AMY: (faint smile)  And now you've come crawling back for forgiveness.

(She plants a kiss on her beau before he settles into the chair
beside her.  Joel glances at the door leading to the hallway.)

JOEL: (quieter)  So Big Sister's road monster is still parked in
the garage, eh?

AMY: (weary)  We didn't exactly settle things as I had hoped.

JOEL:  That probably means you never went to the clinic, did you?

AMY: (annoyed)  Actually I did.  But then the aliens abducted me and
wiped out all traces of memory.

(Joel sighs, some irritation evident.  Amy looks as though she
wishes he would mind his own business.)

JOEL:  So what happened, then?  Did you and Helen fight like you
did at her house?

AMY:  No.

(Her expression grows pensive, and Joel notes the fatigue in
her eyes.)

JOEL:  *Something* must have happened.  You're never like this except...

(Beat)

AMY:  Except when I've been around Helen.  (She nods, sits up a little.)
We may not have fought, but it feels like we did.  She drains me.

JOEL:  Rita, too?

AMY: (shaking her head)  Rita doesn't have that effect.  Only Helen,
for reasons I don't fully understand.  (sits up straighter.)  Oh wait:
yes I do.  It's because of her skill at drawing you close with one hand
while slapping you with the other.  She's spent years developing it.

JOEL:  Was this after you took all those old photos?  (Amy looks at
him blankly.)  The ones in your album -- I remembered them at brunch.
You looked so happy with her, I didn't recognize you at first.

(His girlfriend blushes and glances to one side.)

JOEL: (faint smirk)  Would you ever smile for *me* like that?

AMY:  Since the mere remembrance of that smile embarrasses me to no
end, I'd have to say "not likely."  (Her face softens as she notes
his expression.)  Besides, that was then. *Now* Helen wants me to
help solve problems she claims I created.

JOEL:  I told you to hide your voodoo dolls better.

AMY:  Whereas *I* think she just had a classic nervous breakdown caused
by a classic midlife crisis that launched a classic wave of soul searching.
(sits up straighter, lays her feet on the floor.) Our Helen's not used
to looking inside herself, and she's so scared of what she might find,
she'd rather foist blame on me.

JOEL:  Look, you've done as much as you can.  You don't have to let her
stay here, especially if she pisses you off *this* much.  Doesn't
her family miss her, or something?

AMY:  I'm sure they do.  She's on the phone with them now.

JOEL:  Then what's holding you back?

AMY:  Some rather intriguing developments. (cocks a brow.)  Such as
the revelation that Helen kissed another man and hasn't said
anything about it to Jake.

(Joel looks intrigued.  Then a small smirk plays across his lips.)

JOEL:  Hate to say it, but that doesn't shock me.

AMY: (nodding wearily)  Me, neither.  Somewhere in all her pathetic
anguish I knew something like this had to lurk.  (sighs.) Naturally
Helen wants to confess, but is afraid of what Jake will say, especially
since so much time has passed.

JOEL:  So she just leaves out the part about it happening "a while
back."  (gets a look from Amy.)  What?  It's not rocket science.

AMY:  I *think* that defeats the purpose of honesty, Mr. Clinton.
(musing.)  Though maybe just telling him would be enough.  It's more
than I would do.  (This time Joel gives her a look.)  I'm kidding.

JOEL:  So you encourage Helen to be honest with her spouse, and
she goes home to talk with him.  The End.

AMY:  Leaving out the part where she might just *love* this other man.
(Bt)  You really want her to go, don't you?

(Her direct gaze causes Joel to flush a little with embarrassment.
He groans softly.)

JOEL:  Frankly, I thought after a round of sight-seeing and some alone
time with you, she'd have hit the road.  I've got nothing against
her personally, but she throws our routine out of whack, you know?
(grimaces.)  She left wet towels on the bathroom floor this morning.
*Soggy* wet ones.  And she doesn't rinse out her coffee mug.  There was
a big yellow stain --

AMY:  We should have her arrested.

JOEL: (rolling his eyes)  I know you think these concerns are stupid,
but dammit, they add up after a while.

AMY:  No, what I think is stupid is that instead of being up front about
them, you pretended to be oh-so-concerned about *my* well-being.

(From the tone of her voice, it's clear this has been a sticking
point in their relationship before.  Joel reaches over and tries to put
his around her, but Amy resists.)

JOEL: (softly)  Hey, come on.  I *am* concerned.

(Amy gazes at him for a moment, then allows him to come over and
lay his arms around her waist.)

AMY:  I'm sorry things aren't working out the way you wanted.
But just give it another day, please?  (frowns.)  In spite of
her typical thoughtlessness towards me, I still feel like I
should help her through this rough time.

(She gets an expression that suggests there's more to her desire
than sheer altruism.)

(Dissolve to the earlier scene of her and Helen riding in the
convertible, having just pulled out of the bar parking lot.  Both
look completely spent after their conversation, especially Helen.)

HELEN: (flat tone)  It was what you said about Dad that *really*
got to me.

(Amy focuses on the road, in no mood to receive more blame.)

HELEN:  Until you brought it up,  I'd never really dwelt on his
flaws.  My beef was always with Mom; and since Jake's father
was so revolting, for me to complain about my own would have
been insensitive.

(Amy applies pressure to the gas pedal.  The car zooms through
an intersection before the light turns red.)

HELEN:  But afterward, I thought about what a disciplined,
upright man Dad was, and how hard he worked, and how he *still*
couldn't control me and Rita when we fought.  How he could never
talk to his daughters in any meaningful way.

(Realizing this isn't going to be an inquisition, Amy turns her
head slightly to look at her sister.)

HELEN:  And if Dad, the model of American can-do spirit, could fail
at having a relationship with his family, then I --

AMY: (sighing)  Helen, you are *not* Dad.

HELEN: -- needed to find a new role model.

(Amy blinks with some surprise.)

HELEN:  So I found Greg.  (lowers her eyes.)  He had such a positive
approach to life, and I was so dissatisfied with mine.  I felt like
I could tell him anything and it would be all right.

AMY: (faint smirk)  One of those sensitive men, eh?

HELEN: (quiet)  His advice means so much to me.  If not for him,
I wouldn't have dared take sculpting as far as I did.

(Amy cocks a brow, mulls this over.)

HELEN: (pained)  Oh God, that sounds ridiculous.  It almost sounds
like I *want* to leave Jake!

(She buries her head in her hands and starts quivering.  Amy
keeps both hands on the wheel, resisting the urge to put a hand
on her shoulder.)

AMY:  All right, Helen, all right.  Calm down.  (She waits until
Helen has composed herself before continuing.)  I mean you're
getting all worked up over a man who tosses clay for a living.

(Helen looks a bit offended by Amy's characterization, but then
her face relaxes, and she manages a slight smirk.)

HELEN:  You have a point.  Maybe it is kind of silly.

(She chuckles harder with growing relief.  Amy cocks a brow.)

HELEN:  As if I would really give up my home and my family to
squeeze into some studio apartment above a hardware store.
(hastily.)  *Not* that there's anything wrong with that.  But for
heaven's sake, I'm not twenty.

AMY: (sotto)  There's the closet hypocrite I know and love.

HELEN: (wiping tears from her eyes)  I have to be realistic.  Thank
you for reminding me of that.

AMY:  It's what I'm here for.

HELEN:  But still... have you ever had a spiritual awakening, Amy?

AMY:  Other than after I eat chocolate?  (thinks seriously.)  No.

HELEN:  Me neither, until I started sculpting.  (sardonic.)  To
think you and I have been Episcopalians since birth, and I've dabbled
in so many New Age religions, and it took rolling some silly *clay*
to make me feel spiritual.

AMY:  Really?  (Her tone is lightly mocking, but then her face
grows serious.)  How so?

HELEN:  It just made me feel calmer about everything.  Like I wasn't
doomed to ruin just because I couldn't solve everyone's problems.
This may sound horribly trite, but I felt like I was a part of
something greater than myself.

AMY:  That *does* sound trite.  But not "horribly" trite.  (Bt)
No... not horribly trite at all.

HELEN:  And I just feel as though I owe so much to the man
who helped me think that way.  (sits up, gets a determined
expression.)  But never mind: it's selfish of me to even *think*
I could walk out on my sweet Jakey and turn my girls' lives
upside down because of some fleeting moment of satisfaction.
*No*.  Tomorrow morning I'm going home and I'm telling Jake what
happened.  (face puckers slightly.)  But I'll also say that he
doesn't have anything to worry about, because I'm not going
anywhere.  And I hope he says the same thing.

(She takes a deep breath and waits for her sister's response.)

(Dissolve to the present.  Joel still has his arms around Amy
and looks with wonder at her pensive expression.)

AMY: (softly)  I just need more time with her.

(fade-out.  fade-in to: )

SCENE 8 (Morgendorffer house, night)

(Shot of the outside.  The Lexus is parked in the driveway, and Jake
is heading toward the front door.  Cut to shot of the inside: Daria
and Quinn are already trudging up the stairs.)

DARIA: (softly)  Dad's a teacher.  What's next?  Kevin gets a physics
scholarship to an Ivy League university?  Jodie blows off school to
tour with Elvis impersonators?

QUINN:  I still don't get it.  Why didn't any of his students, like,
ever call our house?

DARIA: (meaningful glance)  Maybe they got tired of hearing the
busy signal.

QUINN:  Hey, mathletic strategy requires a lot of planning!

DARIA: (sighing)  I get the feeling it'll take a while before this
evening sinks in.

QUINN:  Yeah.  I wish Mom were here.

(Daria is silent as they reach the upstairs hallway.)

QUINN:  Aunt Amy should just drop her guy if he's causing her so much
grief and let Mom come home.  It's what *I* would do.  Let's see if
Mom called.

(She follows Daria toward her room.  Daria looks like she's debating
something, then finally turns and looks over her shoulder.)

DARIA:  Quinn, I've got to level with you.  Mom didn't go to Aunt Amy's
to help her.  She went there to *get* help.

QUINN: (surprised)  Why would she do that?

DARIA:  You know how strangely Mom's been acting.  I guess she needed
someone close who *wasn't* her immediate family to vent to.

QUINN:  How did you find this out?

DARIA:  I spoke to Amy this morning right before Dad came downstairs.
(She continues to walk toward her room while Quinn pauses in her step,
a peculiar expression crossing her face.)  I didn't tell you because
of your tendency to overreact from time to time, and things have been
crazy enough with just Dad...

(Daria walks up to her door, still talking, unaware that Quinn isn't
following.  Quinn remains behind, her expression changing to one of
resentment.  She finally tosses her hands and retreats inside her bedroom.)

DARIA:  ... I asked Amy to keep Mom out of trouble and (notices the
silence.)  Quinn?  (She turns around and sees the empty hallway,
assumes Quinn just went her own way.  She shrugs and goes into her
own room.)

(Cut to shot of the inside.  Daria sits down on her bed and picks up
the phone.  She hesitates, as if wondering which number to dial, and
finally starts pressing buttons.  After a couple of rings:)

AMY: (VO)  Hello?

DARIA:  Hi, Aunt Amy.  Is Mom around?

(Cut to shot of Amy sitting on the living room couch, phone to her
ear.  She's alone now, Joel having retired to their bedroom.)

AMY:  I think she's gone to bed.  (stifles a yawn.)  I'm about
to do the same.

DARIA:  So did things... go okay?

AMY:  Things went fine.

(Daria's not sure why, but she detects a flatness in her aunt's tone.)

DARIA: (uncomfortable)  Did you guys, um, talk or anything?

AMY:  Yes, we did.

DARIA:  And...?

AMY: (gentle)  Daria, she told me some very private things.  It
wouldn't be right for me to share them now, would it?

DARIA: (blushing, annoyed)  Of course not.  But could you at least
tell me if she'll be home tomorrow?

AMY:  All the signs point to no, I'm afraid.  (more gentle, sensing
her niece's disappointment.)  Didn't she call you earlier?

DARIA:  Maybe, but I wasn't home.  I was a little, um, busy with
my dad.

(There's a slight pause, as Amy mulls over what next to say.)

DARIA: (deep sigh)  So what's next in the game plan?

AMY:  I'm not sure.

DARIA:  Great.

AMY:  Daria, I promise I'll help your mother, even if I have to tie
her to a tree and whack her with a bamboo rod.

DARIA:  If it tortures her enough to want to come home, I'm all for
it.

AMY: (annoyed)  But you care more about her happiness, right?

DARIA: (puzzled)  Of course.

AMY:  What's more important?  That she's happy, or that she comes
home?

DARIA:  I... that she's happy.  (Bt)  What are you implying?  That
the two aren't compatible?

AMY:  I just wanted to make sure you were thinking past your own
needs.

DARIA: (annoyed)  I definitely need a lecture right now.

AMY:  I'm sorry.  But... (She frowns with the difficulty of what
she was going to say.)  Listen, sometimes things *don't* always work
out the way we want them to.

(Daria takes a moment to absorb this remark.)

DARIA:  What's that supposed to mean?

AMY:  I... (shakes her head.)  Daria, do you trust me?

DARIA:  You've never given me reason not to.  (cocks an eyelid.)
Until now.

AMY:  Please Daria, if there's any time you should trust me, it's now.
I want your mom to get better, too.

DARIA: (as though there's a painful knot in her throat)  All right.  I
trust you.

AMY:  Thanks.

DARIA:  But...

AMY:  Yeah?

DARIA:  Just... (can't get the last words out.)

AMY: (inviting)  What?  What's on your mind?

DARIA:  Nothing.

(Cut to wide shot of Daria sitting on the bed after the phone call has
ended.  She holds the receiver to her ear for several more seconds
before finally letting it slide out of her hand.)



TO BE CONTINUED.........



**********************
[roll the credits.........................]



As with "None in the Family," I'll save my COMMENTARY and THE MYSTERIES
OF for the second half of this fic.

**Points of Interest**

*Location of Helen's office: One of the older versions of the MTV Daria
website indicated the Helen's firm was in Lawndale.  That could either
be Lawndale City proper or Lawndale County (although the same website
swore Lawndale was in *Carter* County).  Either way, it's possible
Lawndale is a large enough place that taking the freeway from one end
to the other could be more convenient than taking the surface streets.

*The Elvis songs on Helen's drive:

Are You Lonesome Tonight? (1960) - words & music by Roy Turk and Lou
Handman

How's the World Treating You? (1956) - words & music by Atkins - Bryant

Bridge Over Troubled Water -- words & music by Paul Simon

Somehow, I could see Helen loving Elvis above all other 60's Rock and
Rollers, including Lennon, Hendrix, and Mick Jagger.  There's just
something about those hips...

*Location of Amy's abode: As you may have figured out, I kept it
intentionally vague.  Just as you've been playing "Where's Lawndale?",
now you can play "Where's Amy's city?"

*The expression of Amy and Joel's relationship: For the curious, yes
of *course* they do more than hold hands and kiss!  They've just
reached the point in their relationship where they don't need to
have hot steamy sex *all* the time.  Besides, whatever amorous
behavior they normally display would be modified out of courtesy to
Helen.

*Joel/Tom: I s'pose I can see the resemblance - sarcastic, supportive
boyfriend with a faintly sketched out background.  As I said, I've tried
to give Joel quirks in this fic and previous ones, and intend to flesh
him out more in the second half.  Also, whereas Tom seems blandly open
to everything, I tried to make Joel seem somewhat annoyed that Helen
was walking into his and Amy's life unannounced.

*The Title: "All But Forgotten" turned out a little differently than
I thought, so I'm wondering what parts of the story people will
identify with the title.


Anyway, I hope you've loved this fic and made it your own, because
Part Two, won't come out until December or January.  I would have
started it sooner if not for the fact that I'm working on spec scripts
to be submitted to a comedy writing workshop.  If they're approved, I'll
get in the workshop, which is very exclusive.  If not, I'll at least
have some decent scripts to shop around.  I was even thinking of
waiting to release DWU #19 after I had finished #20, but that would
have taken too long, and several people were already restless for
new material in the DWU.

By the time Part Two arrives, I'm sure you'll have memorized this one
and made note of all the issues that need to be addressed.  Hopefully
it will come out before "Is It College Yet?"

Why couldn't they come up with a better title for the final "Daria"
movie??

Thanks for reading!

This fanfic is the property of Kara Wild, copyright September 2001.  All
rights reserved.
