Daria meets al Banffte

Daria copyright Mtv... I'm poor go ahead and sue me
*******************
Authors notes

Al Banffte is a character of mine he is i guess you could say that he is a
demi god or an immortal but that's not all folks with Al Banffte you get not
only the wholesome fun of something that is immortal and knows it but the
power to alter reality and do essentially what ever he wants.  but relax folks
I try to keep things none violent and keep my stories intone with the series I
am fanficing.  Now with out further ado....
*******************

The usual daria music and pictures open the show but when we get to the end
with the daria pic in the circle under it a tear appears and we see static
behind it then a evil smiley face with an eye patch appears something like
this only not sideways >P) after it covers the whole screen we see the title
Meet Al Banffte

cut to inside Mr deMartino's class room.  Mr deMartino is yelling a Brittany
at the front we see daria and jane.  Daria shudders as if she were cold.

Jane "Whats the matter thinking of trent"

Daria in her usual dead pan "I don't know this a new feeling I guess"

Jane "Wow maybe you are happy for a change !"

Daria " ha ha Jane I've felt that before"

Jane "what did you feel then (breaks into an Obe on Kenobi impression) Was it
a disturbance in the force as though a million souls were all screaming at
once ?"

Daria usual dead pan again "No I've felt that too"

just the an off screen knock is heard and daria and jane look to the door cut
to a view of Mr deMartino walking too and opening the door.

the door opens to reveal a heavy set but tall and slightly slouched forward
teen ager wearing an open flannel shirt with an evil eye patched smiley face
>P)

DeMartino  "Yes what do YOU want"

Teen "Hi my name is Al Banffte and I was wondering if this was (looks at a
piece of paper in his hand) Mr DeMentio 's class ?"

Sound of laughter from the class

Demartino "It's Mr DEMARTINO"

AL "oh sorry I misread it...  any way I'm a new student and this is my class
now"

Demartino "okay then go SIT down"

Al " okay okay you can stop yelling now man"

Al walks into the room and sits behind Jane

Jane "Wow I 've never seen mr Demartino's eye bulge so much... "

Daria "Yeah I don't think any one has every called him mr Dentio before"

Jane "Yeah it was pretty cool wasn't it "

Daria "definitely but I still can't shake this feeling"

Bell rings

Cut to hallway
Daria and jane open their lockers 

Al walks up and looks at the lockers
Al "07..09...13 here we are" open's his locker and puts his binder in"

Jane looks at him "hey aren't you that Al guy"

Al "excuse me for not introducing myself ... My name is Al Banffte"

Jane "I'm Jane this is Daria"

Al "Well hello then Jane (shakes Jane's hand)"

Daria extends her han for a shake

Al "Hello daria" shakes her hand

cut to fashion club walking down the hall

Sandi " umm quin isn't that a new guy talking to your cousin and her weird
friend or something"

Tiffany "and he's dressed all weird shouldn't someone tell him that that
outfit is all wrong ?"

Stacy "yeah"

Sandi "I think it's our job to tell him that the way he's dressed is a fashion
don't"

Cut back to daria jane and AL

Jane "uh oh the fashion club has smelled fresh meat "

Al "Fashion club ?? "

daria  usual dead pan "yeah my sister Sandi Stacy and Tiffany. they probley
think it's there duty to tell you what you're wearing is a fashion don't. that
and they always try to thwart our nefarious plans of world domination."

Al "lets see superficial fashion obsessed bouncy hair I got it"

the fashion club arrive

Sandi "umm as leader of the fashion club I have to tell you.."

Al the second a large group of people walk by screams "NO I WON'T GO OUT WITH
YOU"

Sandi and the fashion club blush then beat a quick retreat.

Jane and daria together "wow"

Al "thanks I've dealt with the shallow before.  Say does Lawndale have a good
pizza place?"

Daria "yeah there's a good place right down the road from janes house"

Al "cool how about after this" looks at paper "Mr Oneils class we all go get a
pie my treat ?"

Jane " sounds cool to me hey after the pie want to go to my house? my
brother's band is practicing tonight and daria wanted to listen to them"

Daria "grrrrrrrr"

Al "sounds cool"

Cut to Mr Oneils class

Mr Oneil fails to notice the new student

Al sits behind Jane and daria

Al "man this is so damn boring"

Jane "tell me about it"

Al "how morally upright are you guys?"

Daria "were not why ?"

Al  "I have an Idea to get the heck out of here"

Al raises his hand

Mr Oneil "umm yes (looks at the piece of paper on his desk) uhh uhh"

Al "It's Al Banffte. and I was wondering what you felt about the movie (grin)
old yeller ?"

Mr Oneil "it was whimper a very whimper sad sob runs crying from the room"

Al "Class dismissed"

cut to pizza parlor

Daria Jane and Al sit at a table with a pizza in front of them

Daria "wow you really are good you know that?"

Al "it's a gift"

Jane "First Mr Demartino then the fashion club and now Mr Oneil when will the
destruction and chaos end" Smirk

Al "Oh I don't know I have to leave some time" Smile "but I have a feeling
that you guys do a great job with out me.."

Daria "True"

Al " So have you too seen that new star wars movie yet?"

Jane "Yeah it was pretty cool I guess"

Daria "But I've seen better"

Al "I thought it was fun"

Jane "Well it's almost time for school to end lets get over to my house so we don't have to deal with more shiny happy people"

cut to out side Daria and jane cross the street and Al follows behind them
half way across daria trips and a car comes whizzing around the corner Al
steps forward in the car hits in and not daria. Al just stands there in
between daria and the car Daria stand's up and look's at Al and then looks at
the car and then back at Al.

The driver get's out of his car

driver "oh my god are you okay?"

Al " I'm fine and your very lucky you didn't hurt my friends"

Driver "I'm so sorry  this street is usually a ghost town at this time of day"

Al "well watch out from now on okay" lifts his hand off the car hood and
reveals a hand shaped dent

Driver get's in his car looking shaken Daria ,Jane and Al cross the street

Daria "how did you do that"

Al " Do what ?"

Daria "Get hit by a speeding car not budge an inch and leave a huge hand print
dent in the hood"

Jane "Yeah how did you do it?"

Al "uhh uhh I'll tell you tomorrow .. It'snt this your house jane"

Jane "Yeah here we are."

cut to basement

Jane Daria and Al sit on the steps As Trent and   Jesse finish a string
rendition of ice box lady

Trent looks up "Hey Janey Hey Daria."

Daria " Hey Trent"

Trent " who's your friend"

Al " the Names Al Banffte How do you do Trent, Jesse.  You guys are great."

Trent " thanks do you play ?"

Al "a bit, do you want to jam for a while?"

Trent "that  might be cool"

Al reaches under is flannel shirt and pulls out an acoustic guitar.

Trent Daria and Jane look amazed

Al "uhh don't leave home without it?"

Trent still shocked "cool"

Al "you guys know the song american pie ?"

Trent "yeah"

Al "okay then just play the song I got the lyrics for the first verse and the
first chorus.  A saga begins by weird al this ones for you Daria"

Al begins to play

Al " A long long time ago in a galaxy far away naboo was under an attack.

And I thought me an Qui gon jinn could talk the federation into to maybe cutting them a little slack
But their response it didn't thrill us the lock the doors and tried to kill us
We escaped from that gas met Jar Jar and boss Nass
we took a Bongo from the scene
and we went to theed to see the queen and we all wound up on Tattoine that were we found the boy..

Oh My my this here Anakin guy maybe Vader some day later now he's just a small fry
left his home and kissed his mommy good bye saying soon I'm gonna be a jedi
Soon i'm gonna be a jedi

did you know this junk yard slave isn't even old enough to shave
but he can use the force they say
Ahh do you see him hitting on the queen ?
though he just nine and she's fourteen
ahh he's probley gonna marry her some day
Well I know he built c3po and I heard how fast his pod can go
And we were broke it's true so we made a wager or two
He was a prepubescent flying ace 
and the minute Jabba started off that race 
Well I knew who would win first place oh yeah it was out boy

Every body

we were singing my my  this here Anakin guy maybe Vader some day later now he's just a small fry
he left his home and kissed his mommy good bye saying soon I'm gonna be a jedi
soon I'm gonna be a jedi

Well we finally got to courtesan
the jedi council we knew would want
to see how good the boy could be
so we took him there and told the tale
how his midi chorleons were off the scale
and he might fulfill that prophecy
Oh the council was impressed of course could he bring balance to the force?
They interveiwed the kid
oh but training they forbid
because Yoda sensed in him much fear
and qui go said now listen here
just stick in your pointy ear
I still will teach this boy

He was singing
My my this here Anakin guy may be Vader someday later now he's just a small fry
he left his home and kissed his mommy good bye saying soon I'm gonna be a jedi
Soon I'm gonna be a jedi

We caught a ride back to Naboo
''Case queen Amidala want to but I frankly would have liked to stay
We all fought in that epic war but it wasn't at all before little hot shot flew his plane and saved the day
And in the end some gungans died some ships blew up and some piolets fried
a lot of folks were croaking the battel driods were broken
And the jedi I admire most wet up with Darth maul and now he's toast
Well I'm still here and he's a ghost I guess I'll train this boy..

I was singing MY my this here Anakin guy may be  Vader some day later now he's just a small fry
He left his home and kissed his mommy good bye saying soon I'm gonna be a jedi
Soon I'm gonna be a jedi
Every body
We were signing My my this here Anakin guy may be Vader some day latter now he's just a small fry
He left his home and kissed his mommy good bye saying soon I'm gonna be a jedi.

The song ends and the whole room just start laughing like crazy

daria still with her smirk looks at her watch "uhh oh I gotta go dinner at my
house... you want to go Al ?"

Al "yeah what the hell it's better then the junk at my house.."

Daria "don't bet on that.."

Al "see you guys later see you Jane Trent Jesse"

Daria and Al walk down the street outside

Al " so how long have you and trent Been madly in love with each other"

Daria " oh Man not you too.."

Al " I wont push it or anything just curious"

Daria "Now I am curious how did you.."

Al " hey isn't this your house ?"

Daria "yeah it is "

cut to inside the kitchen

Hellen sits at the table with jake and quin

Daria and Al enter the room

Daria "Mom I invited Al over to the house for dinner"

Hellen " oh hello I'm Hellen Daria's mom this is Jake her father and this is
Quin"

Al Smiling " Oh me and Quin met earlier"

Quin "Hey who said ..."

Al waves his hand in front of Quin " hey do't you have a big date with Charles
Ruttinhimer the thrid ?"

Quin thinks for a minute "Yeah I do Don't I I have to go..." get up and leaves

Al sits down where quin was and looks at the food with a smile

Daria looks at him puzzled

Al looks at Helen "this looks really good Mrs morgandorffer"

Helen "why thank you Sal"

Al shakes his head "it's Al Banffte not Sal "

Jake looks up from his paper

Jake "hey who are you"

cut to twenty minutes later

Daria "me and Al are gonna go watch Tv in my room"

Helen "okay dear have fun"

cut to inside daria 's room door opens and daria and All look into the room

Al "okay now it's my time to be impressed "

Daria " well It a little place I like to call home. Now tell me exactly what
the hell is going on ?"

Al "what do you mean"

Daria " well lets see today you arrived made mr demartino yell a bit more then
normal, embarrassed the entire fashion club made mr Oneil cry like an eight
year old ate a third of a pizza got hit by a car and walked a way with more
damage to the car then you, knew where Jane's house was with out having ever
been there, pulled a guitar out of thin air played a great song like you wear
born with that guitar in your hands , knew where my house was having never
been here quin went out with upchuck which belive me is the strangest thing
I've ever seen and I might add a lot worse then she needs. so I repeat what
the hell is going on?"

Al "Man I didn't want to have to tell you right away but well I'm not from
around here.."

Daria "your an alien?"

Al "No not really. kind of from another dimension but not an alien"

Daria "What ???"

Al closes the door

Al "Well it's like this I come from a different reality. I have lived a very
long time and done every thing I could in that world short of destroying the
natural pattern of life. I found out a way to travel to new dimensions and
places and well kind of hop around a bit  I do things that amuse me (trying to
keep my adventures 14 a at the most) and move before I do too much damage to
the reality I visitedd"

Daria stunned " I see"

Al "okay let me give you an example. now what do you want right now that you
think you can't have short of trent " girn

Daria "surprise me.."

Al "okay" reaches behind his back and pulls out a yellow rose closer
inspection shows that the rose has a eye patched smiley face on it  >P)  "
how's this "

Daria takes the rose from him and smiles "why me? "

Al "Why not ...  I mean I've seen a lot of women and you are a rose in a bed
of rag weed"

Daria Blushes "Al"

Al "relax you and trent have each other I just wanted to hang out for a day or
two and have a little fun.." smiles "and I have certainly done that today...
haven't I"

Daria " smirks yes you sure did"

Al "besides I love that song... lol"

Daria "yeah but how did you know about star wars ?"

Al "well a little of each world run's into the next.. besides it's a pretty
cool movie set.."

Daria " so how long are you gonna stick around Lawndale.."

Al " well lets see "looks at his watch " not too much longer"

Daria " I see "

Al " but I like it here I'll be back don't worry"

Daria "I won't forget you Al"

Al " you might not but I think every one else will..."

Daria "... huh"

Al "I kind of have to remove almost all the evidence I was ever here but I
will be back"

Daria lies down on the her bed "Al .....ZZZZZZZZ"

Al walks over and patts her on the head

AL "Good bye daria I'll see you later"

Al leaves the room we hear a zipper like noise and a then static then a pop
and nothing

the phone rings and daria picks it up

Daria "Hello?"

Jane "Man I just had a weird dream."

Daria Looks around the room Looks at the yellow smileyfaced rose in a vase on
the desk "I see why don't you tell me about it" Smirk

Credits..


Well gang what did you think ?? my first Al banffte story but I have a feeling
once I get my web site up they'll be more of them.
