Feast or Famine - a Daria Fanfic.  Daria and all associated characters are
property of MTV.  This story is based on events leading up to and including
"Is It Fall Yet" an MTV production.  It is a work of fiction, and is subject
to copy write protection.  I've chosen a teleplay format as I enjoy writing
dialog most.   Any similarities to actual persons are coincidental.  This
takes place after "Is It Fall Yet", an MTV production.

Scene:  Mr. O'Neill's Classroom.

Mr. O'Neill:  Your assignment for tonight is one of a personal nature...

Jane:  (Quietly, to Daria) Danger, Will Robinson.

Mr. O'Neill:  I want each of you to select a song that has special meaning to
you and write your interpretation of what the artist is trying to say.
Because I am not as hip to the artists of your generation, you should also
provide me the lyrics for the song...

Daria:  Aren't we violating copy write law by using an artist's work without
permission?

Mr. O'Neill: You aren't performing the work, so I think we're ok.

Brittany: I'm going to choose a love song.  I can use our special song Kevy.
(Brittany looks toward Kevin)

Mr. O'Neill:  That's an excellent idea Brittany!

Kevin: Babe, that song's so long and boring...(sees Brittany is upset) but
whatever you want to do is OK.

Brittany:  But I just LOVE Celine Dion.

Daria:  As long as we don't have to share with the class.

Jane:  Spoken like a true fan.

The bell rings and the class filters out.




Scene:  The walk home from school.

Jane:  Any thoughts as to what you want to do?

Daria:  None so far.

Jane:  I'm thinking about "All you need is love."

Daria:  I thought you meant what to do this afternoon.  Any particular reason?

Jane:  The title is all there is to the song.  They repeat the same phrase
over and over until the end.

Daria:  Keeping with the theory of doing the least possible in all situations.

Jane:  Except in Art.  (They arrive in front of Casa Lane) I'm going out for
my run, but give me a call later, unless of course you have a big date.

Daria:  I do, but I'll still call you later.  (Jane goes inside, Daria walks
home)


Scene:  The Morgendorffer House.  Quinn is on the phone.

Daria:  How much longer do you plan to be on the phone?

Quinn:  (Ignoring Daria) I don't know what we'll be doing after Chez Pierre,
but of course we could meet up with you Sandi.  What a great idea.

Daria:  Never mind.

She goes upstairs, pulls out a few CD's and looks over the backs.  She picks
up the phone.  Quinn is still on.

Quinn:  I'm ON the PHONE.

Daria:  No kidding.  Let me know when you're done.  I need to use it.  (Daria
hangs up)

Sandi:  Who was THAT?

Quinn:  Nobody.

Sandi:  'Nobody' picks up the phone in your house interrupting important phone
calls?

Quinn:  It was my...cousin.  She's staying with us while her house is getting
fumigated.

Sandi:  Ewwww.


Scene:  Daria's Room.  The clock shows 2:30 pm.  She puts on a CD and listens,
then stops the CD, removes it and repeats the process.  She repeats this
process several times.  Cut to the clock, an hour later.  She has several CD's
piled up on her bed and is now watching TV.  A commercial comes on...

10 strangers find themselves trapped in a church.  See who survives the final
judgment next on Sick Sad World.

Daria picks up the phone.

Quinn:  Anyway, Sandi wants us to meet her and Jeffy after dinner, but she
wouldn't tell me what she is wearing...

Tiffany:  I'm sure she just forgot.

Daria:  Just like you forgot Quinn.

Tiffany:  Who's that?

Quinn:  Hold on Tiffany. (She covers the phone and yells down the hall)
Daria, I'm on the phone.

Daria:  (Yelling back) I told you I needed to use the phone.

Quinn:  Just another ten minutes.

Daria:  Never mind.  I'm going to Jane's.   (She leaves)



Scene:  The Lane house.  Daria knocks on the door.  She waits and knocks
again.  Trent answers.

Trent:  Hey Daria.

Daria:  Hey Trent.  I guess Jane hasn't come back yet.

Trent:  Guess not.  Do you want to come in?

Daria:  OK.

Daria enters the house, walks to the couch and sits down.  She turns on Sick
Sad World.  Trent had gone into the kitchen.

Trent:  You want anything from the kitchen?

Daria:  How about a coke?

Trent:  (searching through the refrigerator) Sorry, no coke.  I do have some
orange juice that's just past the expiration date.

Daria:  How far past?

Trent:  Never mind.  Too far.  How about water?

Daria:  Is that past the expiration date too?

Trent: (laugh-cough) Funny.

Trent walks into the living room with two glasses of water.  He hands one to
Daria.

Trent:  Sorry, it looks like I need to pick up some groceries.  We're just
about out of everything.

Daria:  No problem.

Trent:  I probably ought to do it while I'm thinking of it.

Daria:  Do what?

Trent:  Food.  Do you want to keep me company?

Daria:  Why not.  Jane should be back when we return.

They get up and get into Trent's car.  As the car disappears from site, Jane
returns from her run, not aware that Trent left or that Daria had stopped by.
She collapses on the couch and turns on the TV.


Scene:  About an hour later on the side of a country road.  Trent's car has
stopped running.

Trent:  I think it's out of gas.

Daria:  How can you tell?  Nothing on the instrument panel works.

Trent:  It was the way it stopped working.  You know.

Daria:  Actually, no I don't know.

Trent:  Trust me on this one.

Daria:  Do you have a guess as to how far the next gas station is?

Trent:  We passed one about two miles back.

Daria:  What about going forward.

Trent:  I'm not sure.

Daria:  Are we talking half a mile or several miles?

Trent:  There's not another one for at least a bit.

Daria:  Two miles it is.

Trent:  Let me get the gas can.

Trent opens the trunk.  He takes out a well-worn can labeled 'Gas' and closed
trunk.  They start walking back up the road.

Daria:  This wouldn't be so bad if we didn't drive all the way to Stepford.

Trent:  No, but we wouldn't have fresh fennel for the veggie stir-fry.

Daria:  This had better be some dish.

Trent:  It will be.

Daria:  At least this will give me some time to think about my homework.

Trent:  Ugh.  Homework.

Daria:  It should be an easy assignment, but I started to think about it too
much.

Trent:  What's the assignment?

Daria:  I have to choose a song and analyze the lyrics.

Trent:  That's an easy one.  I wish they had homework like that when I was in
school.

Daria:  The problem is that when I start to read the lyrics, I realize how
truly bad they are.  I must have listened to a couple dozen songs tonight
before I came over.

Trent:  No kidding.

Daria:  Anyway, now I'm stuck out here, with nothing to work with.  I can't
possibly use the dog ate my homework excuse for this.

Trent:  Maybe you could use a Mystic Spiral song.

Daria:  No offense, but the last time I needed you help with a school project,
things didn't work out so well.

Trent:  This is different.  I don't actually have to produce.  The songs are
already written.

Daria:  True.

Trent:  (Trent begins humming, then starts singing) Betrayal, Betrayal -

Daria:  If I do let you help me, that's the last song I would choose.

Trent:  Sorry. (He pauses) I thought since it was personal -

Daria:  It's not personal. I do take it personally though.  I can't believe
there is no other traffic on this road.  It's getting dark, and we still
haven't seen anyplace we can call for help yet.

Trent:  I meant that it was personal for me.

Daria:  Because I hurt Jane?  I really don't want to talk about it.

Trent: That, and  (He stops talking.)

Daria:  Jane seems to be coping and I've come to terms with what happened.
Why open old wounds?

Trent:  I'm happy that you two have accepted what happened and moved on.  It
was tough on both of you.

Daria:  No kidding.

Trent:  It was just as tough to watch happen.  Remember that I picked up on
Tom's feelings for you early.

Daria:  And I didn't thank you properly for the warning.  I believe I just got
mad and wound up with egg on my face.  I guess I should apologize.

Trent:  That's OK.  If you two were meant to be together, you were meant to be
together.

Daria:  Don't you think that it's a bit premature to say that we were meant
for each other?

Trent:  On the other hand, would you have done what you did to Jane with just
anyone?  You have to admit that if that potential weren't there, you would
have been interested.

Daria:  How could I know that?

Trent:  I'm talking emotions.  Would you betray Jane for some ordinary guy?

Daria:  I guess not, but Jane wouldn't date an ordinary guy.

Trent:  (sarcastically) I think you'd be surprised. (Laugh-cough)  I like Tom.
He and Jane were good together, until the end, and he was much better than
some of her previous interests.

Daria:  You're still making assumptions about my relationship that I am not so
certain about.  I'm glad you like him though.

Trent:  It's good to keep an open mind.

Daria:  I plan to. (They walk a bit in silence)

Trent:  I know this may sound strange, but I felt betrayed when it happened
too.

Daria:  (slightly annoyed) Because of Jane?

Trent:  No, not because of Jane.

Daria:  Are you saying that *I* betrayed *you*?

Trent:  Not exactly.  Just my image of you.

Daria:  And this was the motivation for your song?

Trent:  In a way, yes.

Daria:  It's not like I haven't had more than my share of guilt the last
couple of months.  Now this?

Trent:  It's only an image, and it's not fair of me.  I can't expect you to
remain the same person forever.

Daria:  No, it's not fair.  (They stop walking and stand in silence)

Trent:  I guess what I am trying to say is -

Daria:  (Cutting him off) What are you trying to say Trent?  That I'm a bad
person for what I did to Jane?  That somehow I changed into the type of person
who would hurt a friend, destroy a relationship? That I threw out all reason
and did something on an impulse?

Trent pulls Daria to him and kisses her.  Unlike her first kiss with Tom, she
doesn't pull away and the kiss is deep and lasts quite a while.  Daria
eventually pulls away.

Daria:  Dammit! Dammit! Dammit!  (Just as in "Dye, Dye my Darling)



Scene:  At a gas station.  Trent has just paid the clerk and began filling the
can.  Daria is at the payphone.  After the kiss, they had pretty much walked
the last mile in silence.  They were each districted by possibilities and
consequences and weren't prepared to talk about it yet.  Daria broke the
silence.

Daria:  Whom should we call?

Trent:  I'd say Janey, but she doesn't have a car, and the Tank is less
reliable than my car.

Daria:  I guess I'll call home. (She takes out some change and puts in the
slot for the payphone.  She dials the number and waits.)

Cut away to Quinn's bedroom.

Quinn:  Stacy, you can't wear green.  I already bought a green dress.  (The
phone clicks)  Hold on Stacy, I have another call.  (She clicks over) Hello?

Tom:  Hi Quinn.  Is Daria there?

Quinn:  No, she's been at Jane's all afternoon.

Tom: Thanks.  (He hangs up.  Quinn clicks back over)

Quinn:  Stacy?  No, just a wrong number. (Phone clicks again)  Just a minute.
(Clicks back again)  Hello?

Jane:  Is Daria there?  (The phone clicks again)

Quinn:  Oops.  Hold on. (She clicks and misses and Jane is still on the line)
Stacy, I told you that *I'm* wearing green.  Maybe you could wear blue?  It
still looks nice with your eyes.

Jane:  (Imitating Stacy) I heard that Sandi's wearing green.  You better take
that dress right back to the store.  Oops.  Gotta go.  Jeffy's here.

Quinn:  What?  Wait, Jeffy's my date!

Jane hangs up, smug.

Jane:  That was worth the price of admission.

Cut back to Quinn.

Quinn:  I can't believe that Sandi would wear green with her complexion.  (The
phone clicks again) I can't believe I have another call.  Sorry Stacy.  I've
got another call.  (Clicks over)  Hel-lo.

Daria:  Hi Quinn.  Is Mom there?

Quinn:  She's still at the office.

Daria:  I need some help.

Quinn:  It's about time.  We can go to Cashman's in the morning...

Daria:  No Quinn, I'm stuck at gas station on route 12 and need someone to
pick me up.

Quinn:  I'll tell Dad.  Let me hang up with Stacy...

Daria:  Quinn, wait - (Quinn accidentally disconnects) Dammit.

Quinn:  Stacy?  What's the matter Stacy?  Hold on; let me finish up the other
call.  (Clicks back but the line is dead.) Nevermind.  I guess it wasn't that
important.  Now what was that about a hangnail?

Cut back to the gas station.

Daria:   Well, that was a waste of a quarter.

Trent:  No luck?

Daria:  Maybe if I had a chance to give her our location.

Trent:  We can walk back.  We made it here, didn't we?

Daria:  I may die in the effort, but I'm willing to try.  I don't see a better
option.

Trent:  Atta girl.

Trent picks up the gas can and they begin the walk back.


Scene:  Lane house.

Tom walks up to the door.  He knocks.

Jane:  (inside) It's about time.  I was beginning to think you were blowing me
off.  (Opens door.  She's fresh from a shower and wearing a robe) Oh, it's
you.  (Pulls the robe a little tighter)

Tom:  Hi Jane.  (He appears to be a bit uncomfortable)

Jane:  What brings you here?

Tom:  Would you believe a change of heart?

Jane:  (laughing) Thanks, I needed a laugh.  Seriously?

Tom:  I was supposed to see Daria tonight, and she's not at home.  Quinn said
she was here.

Jane:  So you came to take her away?

Tom:  Yes.  No.

Jane:  Good save caveman.  Well, she's not here.  She was supposed to come
over this afternoon, but she never showed.  It looks like she stood us both
up.  You might as well come in.  (Tom enters and takes a seat on the couch.
He turns on the TV)

Tom:  That's not her normal modus operandi.

Jane:  Maybe she had a better offer.

Tom:  (Mocking Quinn) Daria, the Fashion Club and I think that you would be
the perfect subject for our Fall Makeover spotlight.

Jane:  (Mocking Sandi) Qu-inn.  Your *cousin* isn't cooperating.  I can't
apply mascara if she isn't restrained properly.

Tom:  Cousin?

Jane:  Yeah, Quinn refers to Daria as her cousin when she's with the fashion
fiends.  She won't admit that Daria's her sister.

Tom:  I knew Quinn was a bit stuck up, but that's cold.

Jane:  What tipped you off?

Tom:  Probably the first time I met her.  The whole coven was applying war
paint in the kitchen.

Jane: Such a love for paint, wasted on their washable faces...Well, I need to
get into some clothes.  Do you want to hang out for a bit seeing how we're
both out in the cold tonight?

Tom:  Sure.  There are some classic "B" movies tonight on one of the cable
channels.

Jane:  I'll be back in a minute, unless you want to keep me company while I
pick out some stylish outfit to wear.

Tom:  Why not.  It's not like I haven't seen you naked before.

Jane:  (Blushing) I guess not, but these are different circumstances.  You'll
need to keep your hands to yourself.

Tom:  Not a problem.  I'll be the perfect gentleman.  (They head upstairs to
Jane's room)


Scene:  The side of the road.  Trent and Daria are still walking.

Daria:  Why did you do that?

Trent:  I'm glad your ready to talk.

Daria:  I'm waiting.

Trent:  It was an impulse.  I was trying to say something, and the words were
failing me.  I kissed you because it felt like the right thing to do.

Daria:  What were you trying to say?

Trent:  I don't know.

Daria:  Must have been real important.

Trent:  (Takes her hand with his free hand) I do know.  I just didn't know how
to say it.  We're friends, right?

Daria:  I hope so.

Trent:  I feel sometimes that I can really connect with you.

Daria:  Uh huh.

Trent:  But while we think about the same things and have a lot of the same
views, I've never connected with you on romantic level.

Daria:  Right so far.

Trent:  Because you were my little sister's friend and still in high school, I
never thought of you in that way.  You weren't the type of person who
connected on an emotional level, and that was cool.

Daria:  And now?

Trent:  Now I see that you are open to some new experiences, and I wanted to
be part of it.  The other aspects of our friendship mean so much to me, I
wanted that to grow as well.

Daria:  Oh.  OH.  (She realized what he's trying to say)

Trent:  But I also realize that it's selfish of me to impose myself upon you
when you've already found someone.

Daria:  Trent, I can't tell you how much I enjoyed that kiss, but this really
complicates things for me.  I'm just starting to deal with the emotional, and
really am not ready for any complications.

Trent:  I know.  That's OK.  I just hope you aren't angry with me.  You've
been a bit irritable lately.

Daria:  No.  I'm just overwhelmed.  Did you kiss me because you wanted to, or
because you thought you wanted to?

Trent:  Because I wanted to.

Daria:  You realize that I'm, uh, involved right now?  I'm not planning on
ending my relationship anytime soon.

Trent:  Daria, when I kissed you, that wasn't on my mind, but it's cool.  I
understand and I certainly don't expect anything to change because of this.

Daria:  Easy for you to say.  I have to deal with the fact that I've betrayed
Tom.

Trent:  This doesn't have to change things.

Daria:  This changes everything!

Trent:  I don't expect anything to come of this other than letting you know
that I care about you.

Daria:  What about my expectations?  Did occur to you that I might feel the
same?

Trent:  Whoa.  (They stop walking.  He turns toward her, and they look into
each other's eyes.  Trent puts the can down on the ground, embraces her and
kisses her again.  This kiss lasts even longer than the first.  Daria finally
breaks the embrace.)

Daria:  Trent, I obviously share the same feelings, but I'm going to need some
time to deal with this.

Trent:  I just can't believe you feel the same way.

Daria:  I do, I do.  I don't know.  I just know that I'll need some time to
think.

Trent:  If it helps, I am just as confused as you are right now.  I just had
to kiss you.  I just realized that this is what's been bothering me.  Your
friendship is important to me and I crossed a line, probably prematurely, and
I can accept that you aren't ready for this.

Daria:  Thanks Trent.  But right now I'd really like to change the subject.

Trent:  OK, but we'll be spending quite a bit more time together this evening.
What would you like to talk about?

Daria:  How about my homework.

Trent:  Since you don't want to use Betrayal, maybe a Doors song.  Or how
about Octopus Garden?  It's nonsensical, and you can put your own spin on it.
(Daria pulls Trent to her and gives him a quick kiss)  I thought you needed
some time?

Daria:  I just had the urge.  I still need some time, but I was testing a
theory.

Trent:  And?

Daria:  (Smiling) And I need some more time.



Scene:  Lane House.  Tom is downstairs on the couch.  Jane, dressed in her
regular outfit comes downstairs and sits beside him.

Tom:  Jane, you are a temptress.

Jane:  Tom, you are a strong man.

Tom:  Maybe stronger than I thought.

Jane:  I owe you an apology.  We were actually getting along, and I may have
pushed things too far.

Tom:  I'm more concerned about your motivation than the act.  Was this some
sort of game?

Jane:  No.  I don't know.  I can't believe I deliberately did something that
could have hurt Daria.

Tom:  But nothing came of it.

Jane:  When you came upstairs with me, I guess I got the wrong idea.

Tom:  That was my mistake.  The best way to avoid temptation is to never put
yourself in the position of being tempted.

Jane: What kind of friend am I?  I tried to seduce you?

Tom:  If it's any consolation, I was sorely tempted and might have acted upon
it if honor didn't prevent me.

Jane:  A regular boy scout.  Why couldn't you be so chivalrous when we were
dating?

Tom:  Do we really want to go there?

Jane:  No, probably not.  TV?

Tom:  TV.


Scene:  The side of the road where the car was left.


Trent:  I know this is where we left the car.  It was right next to this
billboard.

Daria:  I remember it as well.  What do you think happened?

Trent:  Towed.  It's not like it was going to run, right?

Daria:  Right.  So now what?

Trent:  Hitchhike?

Daria:  Not likely.  I don't want to be a feature segment on Sick Sad World.
"Teenage Hitchhikers Hacked to Death...next on Sick Sad World..."

Trent:  (Laughs) You know, looking down the road, I see some flashing lights.
Looks like cops.  We could walk down there.

Daria:  I didn't want to hear the work 'walk' but considering our
alternatives, I guess it's the best choice.  (They start walking)


Scene:  Lane House

TV:  We interrupt this episode of Sick Sad World to bring you breaking news. A
car has broken past the guardrails along the Peace River and two are believed
dead.  The car was involved in a high-speed chase with the state police and
was unable to stay on the road.  Recovery crews are in the process of
retrieving the automobile.  We now go to our reporter on the scene...

Jane:  When criminals drive recklessly, next on Sick, Sad, World...

TV:  The car is under approximately 20 feet of water and has been submerged
for over half an hour.  Recovery divers have pulled two bodies from the
wreckage.  We cannot provide their identities pending notification of next of
kin.  There were no witnesses other than the officers in pursuit, and our eye
in the sky.  We have actual footage of the last moments of the chase, which we
will show you shortly.

Jane:  You want anything from the kitchen?

Tom:  You're an optimist.  I'll take water.

Jane:  Good choice.  Trent needs to pick up some groceries.  Maybe by next
week we'll have something to eat around here.



Scene:  By the river.

Daria:  Must be some major event here.  Everyone looks rather busy.

Trent:  Wonder what happened?

Daria:  Must be something of interest - The TV stations are here.  Let's ask
the guys in the van.  (They walk up to one of the cameramen)  What's going on?

Cameraman:  High-speed police chase results in death of two suspects.

Trent:  Whoa.

Cameraman:  Excuse me.  Gotta cue up for the helicopter footage. (Daria and
Trent step back and look over his shoulder.)

Trent:  Hey, that's my car?

Cameraman:  What do you mean?

Trent:  I though my car had been towed - I had left it on the side of the
road.  We walked down here because we saw the flashing lights.  But that's
definitely it.

Daria:  How did they get it started?  I thought we were out of gas?

Cameraman:  (To Daria) You fell for that old line?  (Laughs)

Trent:  No, I really thought it was out of gas.  I certainly wouldn't have
made you walk four miles to the gas station and back if...What happened to my
car?

Cameraman:  Watch this.  He steps back and lets Trent move closer.  He watches
as the car breaks the guardrail and plunges into the river.

Trent:  Damn.  A trunk full of groceries gone.

Daria:  What about the car?

Trent:  The groceries were worth more than the car.

Daria:  I don't suppose you were insured.

Cameraman:  (To the reporter) Hey Rick!  Come here.  The car was stolen from
these kids.  (Daria and Trent soon find themselves surrounded by media and
police officers.)


Scene:  Lane House

TV:  We are now taking you to the high-speed chase footage.  This took place
approximately an hour ago.  (The TV shows the cops running cars off the road
and switching lanes.  The camera then cuts to the car being pursued)

Jane:  (Laughs) Stupid crooks.  Look at what they're driving.

Tom:  I didn't think those things were capable of high speeds.

Jane:  Trent should see this.  (She gets up and walks toward his door)  Hey
Trent!  (Silence)  I can't believe he's still sleeping.  Let me go wake him
up.

Tom:  Don't bother.  He's not here.  I'm parked in his space.

Jane:  What?  You don't think it's his car, do you?

Tom:  Trent?  A criminal in a high-speed chase?  I think there are better odds
that there are still two working models of that car left in the world.

They continue to watch the footage of the chase, until the car breaks through
the guardrail.  They are then able to see the rear of the car.

Jane:  It IS Trent's car!

Tom:  Are you sure?

Jane:  Yes, that was his tag.  (Jane puts her head in her hands and Tom moves
closer to put his arm around her.  He's still watching) Oh my God...

Tom:  Jane...look.  I think I see Trent over next to that van.  (Jane looks
up)

Jane:  (Looks up) Where?

Tom:  Down there.  He's by the side door of the van.

TV:  We have just learned that the car was stolen from a teen couple-

Jane:  Teen?

Tom:  Couple?

TV:  -who had abandoned the car on the side of the road, believing that it was
out of gas.  They had walked to Miller's Micro Mart for gas and returned to
where they left the car, only to find it was missing.  They came here looking
for assistance and have now learned that the car is now...

Jane:  The car sleeps with the fishes.  Wait - is that Daria behind the van?

Tom:  (looking very closely) Yeah.  Well this explains why she blew us off.

Jane:  Is it really blowing someone off if extenuating circumstances prevent
her from contacting us?

Tom:  I guess not.  Now that we know they are both OK, how about that water?

Jane:  Sure thing caveman.  (Jane leaves for the kitchen.  Tom continues to
watch the newscast, focusing on Daria in the background.)


Scene:  The scene of the accident.

Officer:  Thanks for the information.  We'll give you a ride back to Lawndale
and you can come into the station tomorrow to complete your statement.   Your
case number is on the back of this card.  (Hands card to Trent)

Trent:  Thanks officer.  What happens to my car?

Officer:  We'll impound it as evidence.  To be honest, I don't think that
you'll get that to run again.  I'd start looking for a replacement.

Trent:  Bummer.  Well Daria, we finally get to go home.

Daria:  If I don't fall asleep first.

Officer:  Give me a minute to wrap up with the guys here and we'll get you on
your way.  (The officer walks off to where a group of them are standing.
Trent and Daria are left alone.  Trent puts his arm around Daria.)

Trent:  Today has been quite a day.

Daria:  Definitely a keeper.

Trent:  We'll be home soon enough.   Thanks for hanging out with me.

Daria:  Your welcome.

Trent:  Would it be OK if I kissed you again?

Daria:  No.  (Trent pulls back)  You shouldn't have to ask.

Trent:  (Kisses her forehead) I won't ask again.


Scene:  Lane House

Tom is watching as Trent kisses Daria's forehead.   Jane walks in and sees
this.

Jane:  Watching car crashes?

Tom:  It must have been a pretty stressful day for them.

Jane:  Don't read anything into it.  Daria's been over Trent for some time.
(Jane hands Tom a glass of water.)

Tom:  What does that mean?

Jane:  Oops.  Forget I said anything.  Daria would kill me.

Tom:  I won't tell...Promise.

Jane:  When Daria first moved here, she had a little crush on Trent.   She
finally worked through it and has been over it for quite some time.

Tom:  Any reason.

Jane:  She's a realist.  She knew that Trent's too smart to get involved with
someone underage and while she might have found him to be more interesting
than her peers at Lawndale...

Tom:  Understandable...

Jane:  She came to realize that he wasn't what she wanted either.

Tom:  Did Trent ever know?

Jane:  If he did, he never let on.  I don't see how he couldn't know, but you
know how he is sometimes so oblivious.

Tom:  I guess you're right.  Not that I was that concerned.

Jane:  You sounded concerned at first.

Tom:  Only because of how you said it.

Jane:  Said what?

Tom:  That Daria was over Trent.

Jane:  You have to promise me that you'll never tell Daria I told you about
that.

Tom:  On my honor.

Jane:  You have no honor with me sir.

Tom:  I should after the stunt you pulled.  If not, then I swear on my
dishonor.


Scene:  Lane House about an hour later.

The lights are out except for the living room.

Officer:  Here you are.  Now where do we need to take you, young lady?

Trent:  I'll make sure she gets home.  She lives a couple of blocks over.

Daria:  Do we have to walk?

Trent:  I still have the Tank.

Daria:  I'm OK.  Thanks for the ride back to suburbia, officer.

Officer:  No problem.

They get out of the car and walk up the path.   Once Trent reaches the door,
the officer drives off.

Daria:  I'm going to sleep til noon.

Trent:  Now you're keeping my hours.  Thanks for coming with me, even if it
turned into a total disaster.

Daria:  No problem.  My life has turned into a series of disasters.  This was
a fine addition to the collection.

Trent opened the door.  Jane is passed out on the couch, leaning on Tom, who
is watching a movie.

Trent:  Hey Janey.  (Jane sits up)

Jane:  So where have you been?

Trent:  You wouldn't believe it.

Jane:  Actually, we would.  It's been all over the news.

Daria (walking in behind Trent) Before you get started, you promised me a ride
home.

Tom:  I can take you home.

Daria:  (Surprised) Tom.  What are you doing here?

Tom:  Keeping vigil.  No one knew where you were, so we decided to await your
return together.

Jane:  Daria, you know better than to get into that car.

Daria:  If I knew we were headed to Stepford, I would have opted to wait for
you here.

Jane:  Why didn't you call?

Daria:  I tried to call Helen, but Quinn answered.  I had told her we had
broken down, but she disconnected me before she got the location.  Anyway, I'd
rather discuss this tomorrow after a long night's sleep.

Tom:  Thanks for letting me keep you company Jane.  Later Trent.  Come on
Daria.

Trent:  Later.  Goodnight Daria.  (Tom puts his hand on Daria's shoulder and
escorts her out the door.  Daria looks over her shoulder towards Trent, much
like Tom did in "I Loathe a Parade."  Trent and Jane watch as they get into
his car and drive off).

Jane:  Trent, you've got some 'splainin to do.

Trent:  I'm not the only one.

Jane:  Spill

Trent:  Tomorrow Janey.   I'm tired.



Scene:  Morgendorffer House

Daria walks in with Tom.  Helen and Jake are waiting up.

Helen:  Daria, you did not tell us you were going out on a date on a school
night, and you are in well past curfew.

Jake:  You had us very worried, Kiddo.

Helen:  Tom, I'm disappointed.  The two of you have never abused our rules
before.

Daria:  Mom, I wasn't out with Tom.  He just gave me a ride home.

Helen:  Where were you then?

Daria:  Didn't Quinn tell you?  She said that she would let Dad know.  (Daria
sits on a chair and puts her head down on the table.)  I'm too tired to deal
with this now.

Tom:  If it's OK, I'll leave now -

Helen:  Jake, did you forget to tell me something?

Jake:  No, I don't think so.  I would have remembered...

Helen:  QUINN!  (Quinn comes down the stairs, on the phone, and dressed in a
very short nightie.  Tom immediately turns his head away.)

Quinn:  Sandi, I would never buy an outfit in the same color...What's he doing
here? (Quinn attempts to conceal herself, oblivious to the fact that Tom isn't
even looking at her.)

Tom:  (Obviously embarrassed) Goodnight Daria.  I'll call you tomorrow.  (He
kisses her on the forehead and leaves.  Daria realizes that it is the same
kiss that Trent gave her earlier.  She gets an uneasy feeling)

Daria:  Goodnight Tom.  Thanks for bringing me home.  (Tom leaves.  Daria
remains at the table)

Helen:  Did you forget to give us a message from Daria?

Quinn:  Hold on Sandi.  Oh yeah.  She said she was stuck at some gas station
on Route 12...

Jake:  Route 12?  That's halfway to Stepford!

Helen:  What were you doing out there?

Daria:  When I went over to Jane's she hadn't finished her run, so I tagged
along with Trent on a few errands.  His car ran out of gas and we walked to
the gas station.   I called here so you could help us out, but Quinn
disconnected me before I could give her the location.

Helen:  Quinn.  Give me that phone.  (She takes the phone)  Sandi, Quinn has
to go now.  You can talk at school tomorrow.  (Helen hangs up the phone and
puts it down on the table.)  Quinn, you are grounded for a week.

Quinn:  That's not fair.  I'm not the one who missed curfew.

Daria:  You're also not the one who gave Dad the message that would have
gotten me home three hours earlier.  Now, if you all don't mind.  I'm going to
bed, and I'm going to sleep until noon.

Helen:  Go to bed, but you will go to school.  There'll be no sleeping in.

Daria:  Deal.

Daria took the portable phone from Helen and went upstairs.  She heard Quinn
arguing her fate with their parents below.  Once she got upstairs, she held
the phone to dial.  Even though she was dead tired, she needed some closure
for tonight.  After some thought, she dialed a number.

Trent:  Hello...

Daria:  (Caught off guard) Hi Trent.

Trent:  Hi Daria.  I thought you'd be asleep by now.

Daria:  I needed to ask Jane about something for school tomorrow.  Is she
still awake?

Trent:  She was asleep when we walked in.  She passed out again as soon as you
two left.

Daria:  I guess I'll talk to her tomorrow.  Goodnight.

Trent:  Goodnight Daria.  Thanks for everything today.  Let's do it again
sometime.

Daria:  I'm not so sure.  I'll think about it.

Trent:  Cool.

Daria hung up the phone and put it on the floor next to her.  Tonight she
closed her eyes and fell asleep with a smile on her face.  She could deal with
the consequences tomorrow.

END
