Flowered 
by Kero 

Scene 1 Lawndale High 
Jane:Daria what do you want to do this weekend? 
Daria:Lets watch Sick Sad World. 
Jane:OK but who's house? 
Daria:Mine 
Jane:Alright 
They arrive at Daria's 
Jake:Hello kiddo and Jen? 
Jane:It's Jane. 
Jake:How was school? 
Jane:It was great until Daria burned down the gym. 
Jake:What Daria! 
Daria:She was kidding. 
Jake:Oh yeah I knew that sike! 
They walk upstairs. 
Daria:Careful Jane we don't need him bursting another eye vessel. 
Jane:Sorry but your Dad is so gullible. You must have alot of fun playing with his mind. 
Daria:Yes I do but sometimes it gets boring because its to easy just like Quinn's mind. The
only semi-challenge is my Mom's mind. 
Jane:You are so lucky I don't have any minds to fool with, Trent of course is always sleeping
and my mon and dad are usually out. Did I ever tell you I love your room? 
Daria:All the time. 
Jane:I'm going to do something different today. I feel like snooping around in your room. Do
you mind? 
Daria:No, go ahead but next time I'll sneak around in your room. 
Jane:Ok that is fair. 
Daria:Well while you are looking around in my room I'm going to watch t.v. 
Jane:I think I 'll start in your closet. Oh Daria what a big selection of clothing. Hey what is
this? Poetry. 
Daria:I hope you can handle the content in it. 
Jane:Wow, you sure seemed mad when you did these. 
Daria:No I was bored and I decided this room needed my personal touch. 
Jane:What's under your bed? 
Daria:What's under yours? 
Jane: Wow this pizza is an antique. So where is the diary? MM. Cds. 
Daria:Thats what happen to them. 
Jane:Hey the Wallflowers, thats kind of soft for you Daria. I would never have guessed it
you are a softy. 
Daria:Well it is good Cd to get my creative juices flowing. 
Jane:Sure you probably just like the lead singer. 
Daria:Jakob Dylan? 
Jane:Yeah thats his name. You know what he kind of reminds me of Trent. Oh I see. 
Daria:I don't see the similary between Trent and Jakob. 
Jane:Give me a break Daria. 
Daria:Well I don't know what you are talking about. 
Jane:Fine, I don't really feel up to debating now. Let's just watch t.v. 

Scene 2 
Daria's room Jane has left. 
Radio:We are giving away some prizes. Be the first caller win a prize and we have two
prizes to choose from. Ready now answer this easy history question, where was J.F.K.
killed? First Caller. 
First Caller:His back yard. 
Radio:No 2nd caller. 
Second Caller:Oval office. 
Radio:No. Third caller. 
Third Caller:His wife killed him. 
Radio:No wrong again. This is simple history. What state? Fourth Caller. Fourth
Caller:Washington. 
Daria:Damnit. I have heard enough I'm calling. 
Radio:Caller 6. 
Daria:Hello J.F.k. was killed in Texas. 
Radio:Congulations. We have to prizes for you. Wallflower tickets or a gift package from
Rooms to Go. 
Daria:My mother would love for me to get the gift package but hell no the Wallflower tickets.

Radio:Good choice it includes backstage passes to meet the Wallflowers. How do you
feel? 
Daria:Bored. 
Radio:You have a great sense of humor. 

Scene 3 
Lane House 
Daria:Today is my day to sneak around in your room. 
Jane:Go Ahead I threw out all the good stuff last night. 
Daria:Geez, thanks Oh yeah I forgot to tell you that I won some tickets to go to a Wallflower
concert,next Saturday and I also get to meet them backstage. 
Jane:How? 
Daria:I answered a history question? 
Jane:Cool. 
Daria:So do you want to go? 
Jane:Of course why wouldn't I not want to go? 
Daria:Well yesterday I got the impression you didn't like them. 
Jane:Well I changed my mind as soon as I saw the drummer. 
Daria:Mario. 
Jane:Mario,mm,cool I get to meet him! 
Daria:Ok well I have to get rid of two more tickets. 
Jane:I know who we can give them to Trent and Jesse. 
Daria:But the Wallflowers aren't really their style of music. 
Jane:I can convice them come and watch. 
Downstairs 
Jane:Hey Jesse. 
Jesse:Hey 
Trent:Hey Daria. 
Daria:Hey. 
Jane:Hey Trent do you and Jesse want to come with me and Daria to a concert? 
Trent:What concert: 
Jane:A Wallflowers concert. 
Trent: I don't know there aren't really our style. 
Jane:Come on this will get you the second hand experience to see how it is like to hit it big.

Trent:How will we do that? 
Jane:Well,Daria also got backstage passes too. 
Trent:Well, I guess I'll go what about you, Jesse? 
Jesse:Sounds cool, maybe we can get some tips. 
Trent:We don't need tips. 
Jesse:I want tips. 
Jane: Ok its set next Saturday. 

Scene 4 
Lane House 
Jane:Daria did you bring the cd? 
Daria:Yes. 
Jane:I have the camera and paper for them to autograph. 
Daria: You sure are prepared. 
Jane:I have to be ready when I meet Mario. 
Jesse:Board the car. 
Jane:Hey Jesse look at the cd. 
Jesse:Hey this guy looks like Trent. 
Jane:That is why Daria likes him. 
Daria pushes her. 
Trent:Let me see. Geez I don't know I guess he must be good looking if he looks like me.
Right Daria. 
Daria is embrassed. 
Jane:I am so exicted Daria do you think I should get a poster or something? 
Daria:If you have the money fine but promise me you won't act like this anymore after
today. 
Jane:Ok I'll try. 
Trent:I wonder how the backstage is like. 
Daydreams: 
Reporter:Here we are with Trent Lane the leader singer and songwriter for Mystical Spiral.
So how is it to be part of one of the coolest bands? 
Trent:It's great, I always told my friend I had my eyes on the prize. 
Crowd:Trent, Trent,Trent Yo Trent!!! 
Jane pushes Trent 
Jane:Wake up 
Trent:Sorry I was having a great dream. 
Jane:Well you almost killed us again. 
Daydream: 
Jane:Hey Mario my name is Jane. 
Mario:That is such a beautiful name. 
Jane:Thanks. 
Mario:Will you Marry me? 
Daria:Jane will you stop daydreaming of Mario. 
Jane:(Damnitt Jane stop acting like Quinn) 
Daria:(I wonder what kind of people are going to be there as long as its not Quinn kind of
people its ok.) 
Jane:Trent exit here its time for a pit stop. Come Daria. 
Go to the bathroom. 
Daria:I don't have to go to bathroom. 
Jane:I don't either but I want to leave our mark here. 
She pulls out a black marker. 
Daria:I know what to write but I have to go to the men's bathroom. 
Jane:Daring Daria. 
Daria:Be a look out.(goes in)Is anyone here I guess not. 
Daria writes if you want to have a good time call Quinn at 124-8872. Then she wrotes
Daria loves _ _ _ _ _ in a bathroom stall. 
Jane:My turn you be a watch out. 
Jane draws Ms.Barch with a saying get those little things out of here! 
Jane:Me and Daria are ready to go. 
Trent:Wait me and Jesse have to go. 
Daria:(oh no I hope no one sees that) 
Jesse:Look Trent!(He shows what Daria wrote) 
I think Daria likes me. 
Trent:HaHaHa Sure she does. 

Scene5:Wallflower concert 
Daria:They are alot of people here. 
Trent:Yeah. It's great. 
Jane:Where do the tickets say to sit. 
Daria:Front row center. 
Jane:Wow we are going to get a good look at them. Before we go to our seats I need
something. 
Jesse:What is she getting? 
Daria:A poster. 
Jane:Get away girls it is mine! 
Girl:No I saw it first. 
Jane:You better shut your mouth or else. 
She show a fist. 
Jane:I got what I wanted. 
They go to their seats 
Annoucer:Here are the Wallflowers. 
People scream. 

Scene 6 after concert 
Jesse:That was wild. 
Trent:Now it the backstage that is going to be nuts. 
Jane:woo Hoo 
They show their passes to guard 
Jane:Smile Daria. 
Jane snaps a picture of Daria 
Jesse:Psst.Janey I think your friend Daria has a crush on me. 
Jane:Where did you get that idea? 
Jesse:I saw it written on a bathroom door. 
Jane:And it said Daria loves/likes Jesse? 
Jesse:Well no. 
Jane:That could be anyone. 
Jesse:But who else can it be? 
Jane:(Trent stuipd) Geez I don't know. 
Jesse:Well tell Daria to look for someone else. 
Jane: ok 
Jesse and Trent walk around. 
Jane:Hey Daria. So why didn't you tell me that you like Jesse? 
Daria:What are you talking about I don't like him don't you like him? 
Jane:No, Daria he isn't really my type he's too much like my brother. You know I need
someone to flirt around with when you are with Trent. 
Daria:Oh shut up. 
Jane:So I have figured out one of the greatest mysteries Daria's lust object.. my brother. Ha
Ha 
Daria:Hey isn't that Mario. 
Jane:Where? Daria come with me. 
They walk to Mario. 
Jane:Hi my name is Jane and this is Daria. 
Mario:Hi girls How are you? 
Daria:Fine. 
Jane:Great, can you sign this poster for me. 
Mario:Sure what would you like me to write. 
Jane:To Jane Lane Love Mario 
Mario:Here you go. 
Jane:Thanks I'll never forget this. 
Then she kisses him on the cheek. 
Jane:Oh wait before I go and look around some more,Daria take a picture of 
Mario and me. 
Daria:Smile. 
Jane:Bye,Mario. 
Daria:Bye. 
Mario:Bye Girls. 
Jane:He was nice. Oh look there is Trent and Jesse. So did you guys meet any of the
Wallflowers. 
Trent:Yeah we met Micheal Ward the guitarist and he gave Jesse some tips. 
Jesse:No man he gave you tips. 
Trent:Whatever. 
Jane:So did you get his autograph. 
Trent:Yeah 
He pulls a piece of paper from his pocket. 
Jane:Now what should we do? 
Daria:Let's look for Jakob Dylan. 
Jane:Sure Daria you need to have some fun too. 
Daria:Oh shut up. 
Trent:There he is. So Daria what do you think is so great about that guy. Look how
everyone is tripping all over themselves to meet him. 
Daria:He is famous. Fame seems to do weird things to people. 
Trent:But you seem to be fine. 
Daria:That is because unlike everyone else I have self control. 
Trent:Oh 
Jakob looks exactly like Trent but no earrings, no jewelry, neater clothing and blue eyes. 
Jane:Hello, My name is Jane, this is Daria, Trent, and Jesse. 
Jakob:Hey guys so what did you think about the concert? 
Trent:I would consider it one of the best I have been to considering we got backstage
passes. 
Jakob:I'm glad to hear that. 
Rami and Greg members of WF:Hey Jake that guy looks like you. 
Jakob:I guess I can see the similarities. 
Jane:See Daria. Hey Jakob I told my friend, Daria. That you look like my brother. You and
my brother also have something else in common Trent also plays in a band. 
In a lower voice 
Jane:And Daria like both of you. 
Daria pushes her. 
Jane:Hey. 
Jakob:So what is the name of the band? 
Trent:Mystical Spiral. 
Jakob:That's a cool name. 
Trent:Thanks. 
Jakob:So have you guys played any places big? 
Trent:No, just some little stuff. We are not sell out. 
Jakob:I would like to hear you guy some time may one of these days. 
Jane:Can we take some pictures? 
Jakob:Sure. 
Jane:First Trent and Jakob. Now Daria go with them. Wait can you take a picture of all of
us? 
Person:sure, smile. 
Jane:Thanks. 
Daria:Wait before we go can I have your autograph. 
Jakob:Sure. 
Daria:Thanks you are an inspiration to my writing. 
Jakob:Your welcome bye. 
Daria:Bye 
All:Bye 
Jakob:Hey 
He taps Daria. 
Jakob:I think that guy likes you. 
He points at Trent. 

Scene 7 Riding back home 
Jane:This is one of the coolest days ever. So Daria when do you want the pictures. 
Daria:Whenever thay are done. I can't wait to go home and brag to Quinn. 
She has never met anyone famous before. 
Jane:Ha She is a loser. 
Trent:Thanks for a fun day Daria. 
Jesse:Yeah this was a cool day. 
Trent:Next time I'll treat you out. 
Jane:Oh isn't that nice? 
Trent:We are at your house. See you later Daria. 
Daria:Bye Jane, Jesse, Trent. 
Jane:See you tomorrow. 
Daria opens the door. 
Helen:Hi Daria how was the concert? 
Daria:It was ok. I am tired so I going to my room. 
Helen:Nite. 
Daria:Nite. 
Upstairs 
Daria:Hey Quinn I met someone famous loser. 
Quinn:Stop bragging Daria! 
Slams door in her face. 
Daria goes to her room closes the door and puts the signed poster on the door and sighs. 

THE END 