For The Love Of Quinn
A (PG 13) songfic based on Dan Fogelberg's Longer which
is (c) 1980 Hickory Grove Music (ASCAP), while Daria is a trademark
of MTV & Viacom, whatever you like it or not, eh?

Warning: as you can guess, it's a bit of yuri, witch means girl's love.
Those of you that hate the stuff, TURN BACK!! And for those of you
that remain.....

Dedicated to Anime Zuba, "the cruel Ronin hating joker that specificlly
joined up in the FanFiction.Net membership just to ensure I can't remove
the signed reviews", and to Ace Trax, Mike Y., Chris Oakley, Ruthless Bunny,
and to Gystex (of The Passion Club fame), for the inspiration.

Sandi couldn't explain it, nor did she even want it, but it happened.

She was in love.

The only problem was, it was with Quinn. Her best friend and rival.
Another girl.

Longer than there've been fishes in the ocean
Higher than any bird ever flew
Longer than there've been stars up in the heavens
I've been in love with you

The day Quinn and Daria first came to Lawndale High, was when Sandi
had discovered two unheard of facts. #1, Sandi had been a lesbian, yet,
she hadn't discovered that till she saw Quinn. And #2, upon seeing how
Quinn was so beautiful ,with her long red hair, her lovely face, her milk
white flesh, and her melodious voice......it was no wonder how and why
Sandi would fall in love with her the first day. As such, she wanted her
in The Fashion Club just so that she could be with her--so Sandi wasted
no time in hiring Quinn on the spot.

Stronger than any mountain cathedral
Truer than any tree ever grew
Deeper than any forest primeval
I am in love with you

The only problem was, it got so troublesome, having Quinn with her
all the time, but unable to express how she truly felt, to express her love for
the redheaded Morgendorffer. That, combine with her mother Linda's domineering
rule over her life, trying to cast poor Sandi into the mold Linda wanted her in--a
jealous selfish, bitchy clone of herself, to use her own daughter as a pawn for her own
gains, especially over the other mothers, including Quinn and Daria's mom, Helen.
For that matter, there would be some blood controversy if Linda had discovered
that her daughter was in love with her rival Helen's daughter, Quinn. And worst of all,
was the bullying she went through with her brothers--enought to make her cry. Such
feelings were what would form Sandi's hyperbitch mask, which would for years hide
her real feelings.

I'll bring fire in the winters
You'll send showers in the springs
We'll fly through the falls and summers
With love on our wings

Worst of all, was the fear that while Sandi was a lesbian, that Quinn might not be
one herself. So she had never come out to her for the fear that Quinn would not
only freak out, she'd probably slap Sandi's face, and hate her for the rest of her
living days. So Sandi had no choice but to hide her love behind a facade--a facade
of acting the bitchy diva of rivalry and stuck up egotist narcissitc cruelty towards
not only Tiffany and Stacy (who she couldn't trust her secret love with), but towards
the one she loved so much, the one she passionately had a crush on, but could never
reveal her feelings for--Quinn. Acting jealous to her, trying to make her resign from
The Fashion Club, yet giving only friendship a try. For years, Sandi and Quinn would
more often than not, bang heads verbally, figuretively, and sometime literlly.

Through the years as the fire starts to mellow
Burning lines in the book of our lives
Through the binding cracks and the pages start to yellow
I'll be in love with you
I'll be in love with you

But as the years went by, the rivalry between the girls gradually diminished;
once, when Sandi broke her leg and wound up fat, Quinn went out of her way to
help her out and get back to her waif self. Moved by that, Sandi cried and said
that she loved her so much. Instantly, Quinn sobbed with her, holding her, saying
she loved her too. So the friendship was still intact, But was it just friendship--
or more than that? Even so, she vowed that when the time was right, she
would come out to Quinn, regardless. For now, she had to wait.

Then another brick in Sandi's wall was placed in the form of The Fashion Club's
breakup. Would it mean losing Quinn forever after what she, Stacy and Tifany had
been through? If only she had risked to come out and express her real love to Quinn
when she had the chance, regardless of the consequences. If only there was another
chance.... But right now, it might as well had been too little, too late--or was it?
Now, she was in misery, atop the roof of Lawndale High, near one of the air vents,
murmuring, "Let's face it, you've lost her."
"Lost who?"
Upon looking up, Sandi saw to her surprise, the face of the lovely Quinn Morgendorffer,
a kind and concerned look staring at her. "What's the matter?" she asked.
For Sandi, it was now or never. Redgardless of what happened, she had to come out
and reveal her love for Quinn. And right now, with the tears streaming down her face, she
took the plunge: "Quinn........like, there's something you should know, all joking aside--
something I carried the day you first joined The Fashion Club."
Placing a hand on her friend's shoulder, Quinn asked, "What?"
Drawing a sob choked breath, Sandi blurted out, "I love you, Quinn. Friendship, romanticlly,
emotionally, sexually and so forth. I loved you since you first came, and even today, I always
WILL!!"
"WHAT........?!?"
"Please forgive me, Quinn.........but I fell for you......you're so beautiful......yes...I am a
lesbian......and I've been in love with you for years...."
"Sandi....you can't be THAT serious, can you?"
"Yes I am." From there, she related to Quinn how she had wanted to profess her love,
the problems she was up against, why she treated Quinn poorly, and how scared that Sandi
might be a lesbian, and Quinn might not be, and the fear of losing her. When she had
finished, the former F.C. diva sheilded her face in fear of a slap, expecting a string of
a sailor's vobcabulary. But instead what she got, were slender arms pulling her close to
Quinn, who was now kissing the tears from Sandi's face, her face covered in tears.
"Oh, Sandi," she wept."That was just what I wanted to say myself.......that day I first met
you, Stacy and Tiffany, I fell for you when I saw you, that gorgeous face and body......when
I heard you were the president, I hoped you would pick me so I could be with you.....my
heart  was beating when you did........but I was scared like you, thinking you might be
heretosexual, so.....you know.........but I never gave up on you, confident that at least
I was near you. Even when you were bitchy to me, I never gave up on you. Even after
The Fashion Club went defunct, I hoped I'd see you again, to express my love, even if you
hated me.......even if you hit me.....but now that we've gotten all that out in the open.....
I feel like a cloud was lifted from me...."
"Me too," said Sandi. After a pause she added, "Quinn Morgendorffer......do you love me?"
In reply, Quinn licked her white teeth before placing a short gentle peck on Sandi's
mouth before saying, "More than you can imagine.......and now I can die a happy girl.....
no matter what happens, I'll be there for you, Sandi.....my love....."
"Lover......." breathed Sandi. "My lovergirl........you're mine for sure......oh, Quinn....
I love you so much......!!"
The girls held each other and cried before Quinn sobbed, "Oh, Sandi.......I love you too....!!"
"Kiss me, Quinn....!!"
And Sandi and Quinn did just that--a full on the mouth deep kiss at that while they held each
other so close, their fears and doubts a thing of the past.

For Quinn, it seemed the rivalry twixt her and her best friend behind them, and that
she had found someone to love her and someone to love. For Sandi, the fact that Quinn
truly was one like her, a lesbian, and that she loved her.....that was just cause to finally
be happy at last, no matter what odds were against them. And for the first time, such an
emotion which had been so rare could be felt again. Quinn Morgendorffer was finally her
lover, and Sandi Griffin wouldn't have it any other way--all for the love of Quinn.

Longer than there've been fishes in the ocean
Higher than any bird ever flew
Longer than there've been stars up in the heavens
I've been in love with you
I am in love with you

OWARI (THE END)

Author's notes: After the results of my disasterous deathfic, No One Loves A
Fashion Diva, I figured I'd write a new Sandicentric story with a happier
ending, so if I stayed in character, kudos, to quote Angela Li. If not, tough
tacos.

Special thanks to Gystex, for the inspiration.

--Ronin
