Disclaimer:
All characters herein are owned by MTV/Viacom. This is 
an extrapolation from the Daria Diaries, and while I do 
claim copyright to the prose and characterization, the 
idea and the characters are not mine.

From the Trenches
by medea42

	Trent was exhausted. While Janey slept, he 
called U.S. embassies at every country he knew his 
parents visited in the past five years, all with
no luck. They were nowhere. He'd wanted to keep Janey 
from knowing about the foreclosure problem, to protect 
what childhood she had, but in the end, he had to
tell her.  In a last ditch effort, he tried the 
embassy in Australia, praying his parents were there. 
No one answered the phone. Not even an answering 
machine. For a moment, he contemplated asking a 
government agency about Antarctica - his parents 
just might. He changed his mind when he remembered 
what his mother said extreme cold did to pottery. 

	He and Janey had to fend off the repossession
company themselves. He'd done everything he could
to dredge enough money for a partial payment, working 
sound booths at local theaters and concerts and 
attempting to bounce at McGrundy's -- Jesse and he 
agreed that bouncing was NOT a good career choice for 
Trent after he received two bruised ribs on his first
night.

 	What little he earned wound up paying for 
Jane's textbook rental and some minimal groceries. 
He slipped any extra money to Jane, telling her that 
Mom and Dad left it for her education. 

	Trent put much effort into making sure Jane 
never witnessed him do a stitch of work. Trent was 
convinced he had to keep his efforts quiet to preserve 
his sister's sense of security.	
	

	He certainly couldn't rely on his parents to
preserve Jane's carefree creativity, he thought as
he evaluated which pieces of furniture formed the
best barricade for the front door. Trent would planned an
attempt to discuss having them set up a direct withdraw
program with the bank -- maybe after this incident, they
wouldn't engage in one of their freedom-of-privacy rants.
He wondered how the Lanes held on to their homestead 
as often as accessible funds dwindled and disappeared
while his family wandered the planet. 

	Just as Trent started inching the couch away 
from its position in front of the picture window, Jane 
burst through the door followed by some brown-haired 
girl wearing a skirt and boots.

	"Hey Trent," Jane warbled. Something good 
happened to her today. Good. "This is Daria, she's 
ditching esteem class with me today. We were too 
depressed to feel good about ourselves."

	Reinforcements. Okay. Trent extended his hand 
to Daria. She took it. "Hi Daria," he said. Firm 
handshake, rather than the dumbass girl-shake of most 
teenage females. Good sign, might make a good 
partner-in-crime for Jane. She needed one. "I guess 
you can help us barricade the door," he told her.

	"Our parents forgot the mortgage checks," 
Jane explained to her friend. "And the repo company 
is supposed to come by today to foreclose."

	Daria stared at Jane, holding a steady note 
with her unchanging gaze. Weird kid -- good for Jane.

	"How about you two help me move that couch 
under the front door?" Trent ventured. Daria could 
experience Lane-style social niceties after they 
blocked all entrances.

	Forty-five minutes later, the shades were drawn, 
the lights were out and the front door was blocked by 
the couch, a bookcase and some really heavy clay vases 
Mrs. Lane made. Trent, Daria and Jane were sitting with 
their backs against the bookcase, adding their combined 
weight to their makeshift barricade. Trent used a 
few moments between poundings and yellings from the 
other side of the door to make conversation. "Thanks 
for helping," he said, half- smiling at Jane's friend.

	She looked a little uncomfortable at the smile.
 "No problem. I really had nothing more interesting to 
do."

	At least this was interesting.

	"See Trent, I found someone as aimless as we 
are!" Jane chimed from the other side of Daria.

	Daria looked almost interested. "How are you 
aimless?" she asked Trent.

	At least Jane believed the illusion he'd 
established. "I'm a musician," he explained. "That's 
my full-time job." His full time job was making sure 
Jane grew up as close to happy and well-adjusted
as possible.

	"In other words, he sleeps all day and has no 
job," Jane told her.

	"Cool." There was a tone in Daria's monotone 
that suggested she was genuinely impressed.

	A new round of pounding and yelling began, 
forcing all three to brace their legs against the 
floor. When the onslaught waned, Trent felt tension 
trickle into the relieving silence. The tension
came from Daria.

	She was shy, he realized. Trent could tell by 
the way her glasses oh-so-minimally slid down her nose 
that she used her green jacket and spectacled look as 
a defense.

	Were it just him and Janey, Trent would have 
already used the precious quiet to sleep. His taste of 
adult worries still had him freaked, and part of him 
hoped that when he closed his eyes and went to sleep, by
the time he woke in the morning the problem would 
disappear. 

	But he had a stranger next to him, and he 
could feel her discomfort beating on him in metronomic 
rhythm. Trent was, deep down, a compassionate
guy and high schooler or not, this Daria needed a little 
comfort herself. So instead of sleeping like he desperately 
needed, he tried to converse with the stranger.

	"So," he said. "You're new in town?"

	"I just moved here," Daria told him. "From 
Highland, Texas."

	Trent could tell she wasn't one to volunteer 
information. She was trying to find a comfort zone 
herself. Uh, conversation point.
"Funny," he said. "You don't have a southern accent."

	"No," he heard her say. She started to explain 
something about her parents and moving around, something 
about Lawndale high. While she spoke Trent could feel his 
blood pressure dropping, could see his vision swimming. 
He'd spent 72 hours scrounging money, making calls, 
pacing, worrying and pretending not to worry in front 
of Jane. Daria's voice blended with the rhythm of the 
night's previous conversations against the beat of the 
knocking and yelling. 

	His mind moved into a world of rhythm and lights, 
images bending to sound. All the stress of the last 
month became a music video, a dream, a stormy night as 
he slept on the floor. 

	When he opened his eyes, meaning to nod and 
smile and encourage Daria to continue to speak, Daria 
was gone and Jane was standing beside his mother. Both 
women were gazing at him with a bemused expression.

	"Exploring the world behind your eyelids?" Amanda 
asked Trent.

	Jane extended her hand to help her brother stand. 
"I told Daria not to take it personally when you fell 
asleep on her," she told him. She smirked. "I only get 
upset when you fall asleep while driving, myself."

	Trent gave his sister a dirty look. He only 
fell asleep at the wheel once, driving back from Wind's 
wedding in Tennessee. After 19 hours of driving, Jane 
wouldn't have done so well, either. "I was tired,"
he told her.

	There was more important business to deal with 
Mom home, and who knew how long she'd stay this time. 
"Did you make the mortgage payments?" he asked her.

	His mom paused. "Hm, I knew there was something 
I forgot." She clasped her hands and smiled, radiating 
the New Age peace that drove Trent straight into the 
relief of grunge music. "I knew whatever it was, all 
would work out."

	Great. He could never discuss business 
arrangements when his mom activated her bliss. Next 
time, he'd just call her agent. 

	Trent kissed his mother on the cheek and headed 
to his bedroom. "I'm going to finish sleeping," he 
informed her and Jane.

	As he reached the head of the stairs, his mother 
called after him. "Trent?"

	He paused, hoping she'd apologize for this 
latest disaster. "When you feel ready hon, take the 
barricades off the doors?"

	He was tempted to leave them, but then he'd never 
be able to order pizza. "Sure Mom," he called as he 
sped towards his precious bed, waiting for his body to 
crash. At least all the problems did go away when he 
closed his eyes this time. There was a special world, 
waiting just for him, behind his eyelids.



	Trent woke around midnight, and after a few 
moments of jotting words in his lyrics notebook, he 
called Jesse.

	"Hey man," he told his alert-in-space friend. 
"I got the B side for our demo."


Notes:
All this comes from comments made from Daria's comments
on how she met Trent in the Daria diaries. 
