Future Lifestyles of the Daria Cast 
By Paulette 

Daria and Trent 
Daria’s career: Daria studies psychology and numerous theories. She is often quoted on
her opinions about the government. She writes stories for magazines such as Reader’s
Digest, and she has her own advice column in a career magazine. She works in an office
at home. Her husband, Trent, took all of the money he was saving for a new guitar and
used it to build this office for her, as a present for their first Christmas living together. Most
of the public thinks that it is only a rumor that she is married to a musician. Daria has two
books out now, one that is fiction which was just an experiment since she doesn’t usually
write fiction. The experiment worked, the story being very scientific, gory, and twisted. Her
other book is about a theory that involves sociology. 
Trent’s career: His band became quite popular, but only in the Eastern U.S. Because of his
new son, he no longer travels, so neither does the band. He gives guitar lessons at a local
studio with an old friend and some other musicians. 
Daria’s love life: Every morning, Daria and Trent wake up and make a healthy breakfast
together until their son, Trent Jr., wakes up and they all sit down to eat. Daria learned most
of her cooking from Trent, who comforts her, saying she is a "natural." At breakfast, the
family talks about their dreams, and then discuss what they might mean. This is usually a
conversation piece that brings out laughter, even from Daria. Trent practices and performs
with the band during the day, and Daria works whenever she can, usually after Trent Jr. Has
gone to bed. She works very late at night whenever Trent is out performing somewhere.
But if he is there, he usually makes her come to bed at a reasonable hour. Daria and Trent
often sit together and have deep, thoughtful conversations. Trent occasionally takes Daria
out to dinner & dancing. She only dances if either one of her favorite songs is on (one
being Trent and Daria’s song) or if she has had a couple glasses of wine. Trent sometimes
happens to have his guitar with him and he gets up and dedicates a song to his lovely wife
Daria, but he doesn’t point her out in the crowd, knowing that she would be embarrassed.
Any other night out would be at a Friendly’s or fast food place and then an ice cream place
which is one or two times a week, a treat for Trent Jr. Trent Jr. can already play a chord on
a guitar and recognize different types of social groups (he is four years old). Trent and
Daria are trying for another child, hopefully a girl, named Jan (after Jane, who got the two of
them dating and is the godmother of their children). 
Location of Daria and Trent: On the eastern coast in an old, comfortable, gray house just
outside the city, where Jane lives (who visits them once a week). 

Jane 
Jane’s career: Jane is an abstract artist. She often puts on presentations at the city’s Art
Museum. She teaches a sculpture class at a college in the city. She also sells some of her
work at an art store owned by a French framemaker. She also often sends in articles about
her opinion on controversial topics in local magazines and newspapers. 
Jane’s lovelife: She is currently seeing the French framemaker, but there is always Jesse,
who lives in the apartment next door to hers. She dates him on and off. He is still in Trent’s
band and works a few days during the week as a lifeguard at the local beach. On Trent and
Daria’s anniversary, his band puts on a private concert on the beach after the sun goes
down. 
Jane’s location: In an apartment in the middle of the city. It is filled with her works, and in
most of the rooms, newspaper covers the floor. The windows are always open and all over
her fridge and her bulletin board are newspaper clippings of her and her work, what critics
say about it, and articles from "The American Artist." The only food in her fridge is eggs,
milk, cranberry juice, and different kinds of peppers. The eggs and milk go along with
cereal for breakfast. She eats out for lunch and dinner. She has the cranberry juice and the
peppers because she claims that they bring out her creativity and help her get new ideas
for her work. About once a month, Daria and Trent visit Jane instead of Jane visiting them.
They help clean up her apartment. 

Quinn 
Quinn’s career: She gets some modeling jobs, but her steady job is working at a hip
clothing and cosmetics store. She is moving up, and is looking to soon become a
manager. 
Quinn’s lovelife: She is somewhat like the Mary Tyler Moore of the 90’s she is friends with
her apartment neighbor. She likes to shop and on the weekends she goes to a night club
where she meets guys. She is now seeing two men: a male model and a mailman. 
Quinn’s location: A major city in the U.S. that has one of the country’s best french
restaurants. She visits Daria and Trent for once every three years on Daria’s birthday, and
every Christmas the family has a reunion at their hometown at either at the Morgendorffer’s
or the Lane’s old house. 

THE END 