Giving a Damn by medea42

*usual copyright disclaimer: CHANT: Characters are not mine, um-lalalalala***
they are property of MTV -um, lalalalala*** though the characters are not
mine, the concept is, and anyone who steals them without permission will find
out really fast whether hexes work* um-lalalalala*******

Special thanks to:
Ruthless Bunny
Brian Taylor
MeScribbler    for beta-reading and helping me with consistency.



Act I:

Scene 1: [Casa Lane. Daria, Tom and Jane are seated in the living room. They
are watching Event Horizon on the now-fixed downstairs television set].

Daria: Wow! The melting flesh is almost poetic.

Jane: I'm trying to emulate that immolation look for a sculpture. Could you
pause that so I can take a closer look?

Tom: Hm, could you make a bunch of those sculptures small-scale so I can
switch them with the floral centerpieces at one of Mom's fundraisers?

[Jane is examining screen up close.]

Jane: Art that ruins appetites. Now there's an exhibit theme.

Daria: But in this case, the theme would be deliberate.

Tom: I thought that vegetable sculpture was along that idea, particularly when
it started composting.

Jane: that was more of a process piece. [Daria stands]

Daria: Since you two aren't ready to kill each other, I'm getting a soda. Who
wants some?

Tom and Jane: Me!

Scene 2: [Lane kitchen. Trent is sitting at table, a notebook and a mug of
coffee in front of him. Daria takes three sodas out of fridge, stops in front
of him.]

Daria: Hi Trent.

Trent: [jumps.] Oh, hi Daria. I was just really into working on my lyrics.

Daria: You have two lines written.

Trent: Yeah. I think my muse went on vacation. But I was really into those two
lines.

Daria [smirks] then I guess you can just call it a day then, if your train of
thought has derailed.

Trent: train of thought, chugging down - that's good Daria, thanks!

Daria: Do you ever look at the world for something besides song lyrics, Trent?
[sits down in front of him]

Trent: not when I can avoid it. [both laugh]

Daria: Say, isn't this your usual night at McGrundy's?

Trent: No, normally we're at the Zen. Nick's kid has chicken pox and Max and
Jesse never caught it when they were kids.

Daria: Yeah, if Jesse caught that he might have to wear shirts for awhile.

Trent: [laugh/cough] Good one, Daria. So what are you guys doing tonight?

Daria: Quality time with Jane and Tom. Now that they're no longer acting like
we're in the middle of a divorce settlement. I'm glad to hang out with them,
but I'm afraid if I keep this up I'll become social or something.

[Trent places his hand over Daria's]

Trent: Jane and I will make sure you never suffer that horrible fate!

[Daria looks at hand, surprised. Enter Tom. Trent and Daria pull their hands
away.]

Tom: We were starting to wonder if you got lost, Daria. Hi Trent; Am I
interrupting something?

Trent: Daria and I were just chatting.

Tom: [grabs a soda, puts a hand on Daria's shoulder] About what?

Daria: ships and shoes and sealing wax, and cabbages and kings(1)

Trent: cool! I gotta use that for lyrics sometime!

Scene 3:

[Morgendorffer house, by front door. Daria enters. Quinn is coming down stairs
and has a book in one hand and a phone in the other.]

Quinn: Stacy, I have to go. My mom is yelling for me. [turns phone off].
Daria, there you are!

Daria: Mom's at work and I don't have any money to lend you.

Quinn: I know that. And I want to talk to you about something else. Telling
Stacy Mom was yelling for me was just the fastest way to get her off the
phone.

Daria: It would certainly take less explanation than telling her you wanted to
talk to your weird cousin.

Quinn: Could we drop that for now? I really want to ask you something.

Daria: All right. What do you want, and how much are you willing to pay?

Quinn: I want you to go to a movie with me.

Daria: They won't let me in for NC-17 ratings either, it won't work. Besides,
you still have that ID. And you hate the scenes that make it NC-17.

Quinn: Not that kind of movie.

Daria: So what kind of movie?

Quinn: A classic movie, at the old Lawndale Dega theater.

Daria: the one where they show Rocky Horror(2) every weekend? I am NOT going
to that.

Quinn: They show stuff besides Rocky Horror; besides, I want to go to a day
showing.

Daria: And you're not asking your dates to take you because?

Quinn: Because...when I go to a movie with a date, I can't really enjoy it
because I have to make sure he stays too busy to touch me or to watch the
movie. Even if it means going to the bathroom six times to check my makeup.
When I go with Sandi or Stacy or Tiffany, we talk about what the actors wear
and where we can buy it, so even then I never really watch the movie because
we're so busy discussing it.

Daria: DURING the movie.

Quinn: when ELSE would we talk about that stuff?

Daria: So you want to subject me to your company because?

Quinn: There's some stuff my friends just won't get, really esoteric ideas and
I thought you might be the right person to go to the movie with so we could
talk about that stuff.

Daria: Did I just hear you say esoteric?

Scene 4: [Lane house. Jane is painting, phone rings. She picks up, dripping
paint all over the phone]. [cut to split screen of Jane and Tom on phones]

Jane: Yo!

Tom: Hi Jane! I was calling to see if Daria was at your house?

Jane: Nope, haven't seen her since last night.

Tom: That's strange. I was supposed to pick her up, but her mom said she left
a message she'd gone to your house. She seemed a little weird last night.

Jane: You've dated her how long and you just noticed?

Tom: OK, same weird, different avenue.

Jane: What was she doing?

Tom: Talking to Trent?

Jane: What's so weird about that?

Tom: Nothing, I guess. I just haven't seen her really talking with him much in
ages. And I felt like she was hiding something.

Jane: Hiding something? You mean besides every emotion she's ever had?

Tom: Apparently there's ever more to Daria than meets the eye. [beat] I wonder
if she'll explode someday.

Jane: I'll be there with my camera. I'll be sad, but I still think I should
make money off the pictures. Do you know what spontaneous combustion goes for
on Sick Sad World?

Tom: Aside from the charming image of my girlfriend as a bloody glob...does
she have a history with Trent?

Jane: Besides a history of disappointment and humiliation? Really, that could
be anybody. Anyway, she's not here, and I'm in the middle of work. Can we talk
later?

Tom: I will hold you to that.

Jane: Good. I could use some free pizza.

Scene 5:

[Inside Lawndale Movie Theater. Daria and Quinn are waiting in line for
popcorn. Trent comes in behind them, and stands a few feet away, quietly.]

Daria: I am getting butter and salt on mine.

Quinn: EW! I have to watch my figure, so I'll just get a diet drink.

Daria: Quinn, do you ever think about what you ate for lunch and get depressed
about what could have been?

[Trent laughs/coughs. Daria turns around, and blushes when she sees Trent.
Trent realizes she's seen him and blushes].

Quinn: Hi! What are you doing here?

Trent: [still blushing] this is my favorite movie.

Daria: You told Jane your favorite movie was a tie between Star Wars and
Airheads(3).

Trent: [rubbing back of his neck] I'm in a band, Daria. I have to maintain a
certain image -

Quinn: Oh, Trent, say no more. I know all about what maintaining image means.
I'm the Queen of image.

Daria: You're the queen of something, alright. [Quinn grabs both Trent and
Daria away from the line].

Quinn: Let's all sit together, we'll have fun pretending we never saw each
other!

Daria/Trent: But what about my popcorn?

Quinn: Oh, fiddle dee dee!

Scene 6: [Casa Lane, Jane's room. Phone rings. Jane picks up, and without
saying yo, starts in]

Jane: for crying out loud Tom, I'm trying to paint here. No, I'm not using
gummy bears but if you keep bugging me about this I'll gladly feed you my
turpentine! Fine, fine. Look, if you come over now and I tell you, will you
quit bugging me? Fine! [hangs up phone].

Scene 7: [Griffin household. Fashion club minus Quinn are gathered in Sandi's
living room. Sandi has cordless phone in hand.]

Sandi: Thank you, Mrs. Morgendorffer. I hope that Quinn remembers her
obligation. Please have her call us back as soon as she returns. [hangs up
phone]. Quinn isn't home. That makes the third meeting she's missed this
month.

Tiffany: That's really strange.

Stacy: It's not like her to blow off a fashion club meeting. Ever since that
tutoring, she's been really weird.

Sandi: I think that what is and isn't characteristic of Quinn should be left
to experts like me. She does have that nerdy cousin, it might be a latent
tendency that is coming out in Quinn.

Stacy: sorry

Sandi: Her continued absences may affect the standard operations of the
fashion club. We CAN'T allow that. We might have to allow others in the club,
who are practicing a different philosophy of fashionable. We simply can't
allow readers of Wraith magazine to take over when Waif has dominance! And
Quinn is behaving like a Wraith reader! The Fashion Club must survive as an
example of the evolution of fashion, even if it means shutting out newer
ideas.

Tiffany: But isn't that discrimination?

Sandi: Survival of the fittest does not discriminate, Tiffany.

Scene 8: [cut to movie theater. Quinn sits on the aisle, with Daria next to
her and Trent next to Daria. Quinn is enraptured in the movie, clutching her
hands before her heart. Trent has a single tear sliding down his cheek. He
takes a sidelong look at Daria, who also has a single tear sliding down her
cheek].

OS: After all, tomorrow IS another day.

[lights come up. silence. Daria is still frozen in place]

Daria: [beat. beat] Wow.

Quinn: Thank you Daria for giving me a moment. Now go ahead and tear the show
to shreds.

Trent: Uh, yeah. What do you think, Daria?

Daria: [still staring at screen]. Can't....find.....sarcasm.... Wow.

Trent: Uh, is this the first movie she's ever seen where she didn't have
anything to make fun of?

Quinn: There WAS that one by Tim Burton that had the martians and Jack
Nicholson killed twice.(4) She almost smiled for three days after seeing that.
Uh, Trent, could you help me move her? I think she's too stunned to move.

[Trent and Quinn take either arm, lift Daria up.]

Daria: Wow.

[CUT TO COMMERCIAL. THANK YOU FOR YOUR PARTICIPATION IN COGNITIVE DISSONANCE].

Act 2: Scene 1: [Morgendorffer house. Daria and Quinn come through front door.
Jake and Helen are waiting in front of doorway. Helen has the phone in her
hand, and Jake has his car keys].

Helen: There you two are. What have you been up to?

Daria: Shopping Quinn: Library

Jake: uh, something's not right here.

Daria: I dropped Quinn off at the library, and then I went shopping.

Jake: that's nice honey, what did you buy?

Daria: uh, nothing. I didn't find what I was looking for.

Helen: What was that, sweetie?

Daria: Serial killer collectible cards.

Helen: [tone] oh.

Jake: [to himself] I still need money for golf. Golf! My client! [darts out
door] [phone rings]

Helen: hello? oh, HI Eric.

[Daria and Quinn head up stairs]

Quinn: Nice save, Daria. Mom getting all mushy would just drive me crazy.

Daria: particularly since there was little opportunity to get money out of it.

Quinn: EXACTLY

Scene 2: [Casa Lane. Jane is sitting on the couch with Tom, Trent enters]

Jane: you're up early. It's only 6pm.

Trent: I've been up since 11.

Jane: Wo. You okay?

Trent: Yeah, I'm fine. I just had...uh, early practice today.

Jane: I thought the spiral was dark until Nick's kid gets better.

Trent: Oh yeah.

Jane: So where were you? You did notice that no one else was practicing with
you?

Trent: I was nowhere.

Jane: You're nowhere all the time. What's so special about this nowhere?

[Trent looks at Tom].

Trent: Nothing. I'm going to bed.

[exits]

Tom: Have you thought about doing an intervention on the sleep thing?

Jane: It's the only vice he really has. He's not awake long enough to do
anything else that's bad for him.

Tom: He'd probably take a nap while we were talking to him anyway.

Scene 3: [Daria's bedroom. Quinn and Daria are sitting on the bed, with a book
between them].

Daria: I had no idea Gone with the Wind held such a powerful message, and I
never even knew a book came first. Or that it was a classic novel -- I always
skipped over the books in the romance section.

Quinn: The difference between the book and the movie is huge - the messages
are really different. The first book is wonderful, but DON'T read the sequel.
Scarlett was like cheap lip gloss - all the color, half the flavor and none of
the staying power.

Daria: That's an impressive analogy. A perfect combination of the shallow and
still a potent social statement. Quinn, what is all this really about?

Quinn: What is what about? The movie was about the societal changes of the
civil war, Daria, how could you miss that?

Daria: No, I mean the sudden spend-time-with me urge.

[Quinn opens mouth to answer, doorbell rings. ]

Helen: OS: Quinn, your friends are here!

Scene 4: [Morgendorffer living room. Fashion club - Stacy and Tiffany are
sitting, Sandi is standing]

Sandi: Quinn, I suggest you sit down for this.

Quinn: OK. Uh, can I get you guys anything?

Sandi: I'd rather we make this quick.

Tiffany: Yeah, quick.

Sandi: Today you missed the third fashion club meeting in a month. This
pattern of behavior is unacceptable.

Quinn: [laughing nervously] There was another meeting today? We already meet
four times a week, I just forgot.

Sandi: That is NOT acceptable.

Stacy: Besides, we know you've been going to the library. I saw you.

[everyone stares at her]

Stacy: I was at the Retro-New shop across the street!

Sandi: We will discuss your presence at such a LOSER store after we deal with
this situation, Stacy.

Quinn: my Mom's been making me go, to keep up with my tutoring material.

Sandi: I'm sure if you had your priorities organized, you would find a better
way to spend your time. If anyone saw you around so many books, it would
jeopardize your popularity. Someone would think you were a BRAIN.

Quinn: Sandi, I'm sure no one would think -

[Daria comes down stairs, pauses as Sandi makes these comments]

Sandi: Especially with that weird cousin of yours around. Braininess MUST run
in your family; it's probably some genetic defect that's coming out in you.

Quinn: Sandi, it's not LIKE that. My, um, cousin isn't even really related to
me, and I assure you I am NOT turning into a brain.

Sandi: For some reason, I don't believe you.

Quinn: Why would getting a little smarter make someone a popularity danger,
anyway? Who are you to judge that?

Sandi: Quinn, the purpose of the fashion club is to inform the community of
fashion standards and to track who is the most popular in our school, and
maintain quality popularity. It's survival of the fittest, Quinn.

Tiffany: Yeah, the fittest.

Daria: Wouldn't Darwin be proud.

Scene 5: [Quinn leans against door of Morgendorffer house, looking dejected.
Enter Daria from downstairs]

Daria: Are your little friends gone?

Quinn: Yes. [sighs] Anyway, we were still talking about Gone With the Wind,
and we didn't even touch on the social status of women yet.

Daria: No, we never finished because you ran off with your fashion fiends and
turned into Mr. Hyde(5).

Quinn: Sometimes I wish I'd never seen that tutor. Your insults were bad
enough when I didn't understand them.

Daria: Well understand. Maybe someday you'll get as far as understanding how
another person feels. [steps past Quinn, shuts door behind her].

Quinn: [looking at door] I'm sorry.

Scene 6:[Casa Lane. Tom and Jane are sitting in living room talking].

Tom: Everything you've told me so far I already know, except for that whole
situation with the coffee house and her Melody Powers(6) story.

Jane: I think that's all you really need to know without her telling you.

Tom: But you're her best friend. Aren't you supposed to enjoy making her
suffer?

Jane: Only when I have a vested interest in who she's embarrassed in front of.

Tom: Like who?

Jane: Like someone that would have interest for me to vest. [knock on door.
Jane goes over and opens it]

Jane: Daria?

Daria: hi. I needed to get out for awhile.

Jane: And Tom wasn't home.

Daria: Nope. [sees Tom] and that's why Tom wasn't home.

Tom: I'm busy grilling your best friend for stories about you.

Daria: Because asking me would be just too easy.

Tom: Exactly. Besides, I want the WHOLE story. I figured Jane might go for a
few humiliation points.

Jane: Which I haven't.

Daria: Taking more opportunity to make your ex suffer?

Jane: Exactly.

Daria: [to Tom] Better you than me.

Tom: Nice to know I'm popular around here.

[Daria and Jane smirk].

Daria: So what dirty details did you divulge?

Tom: that you started an anti-Communist riot, you got your navel pierced and
that you almost dated a cult member.(7/8)

Daria: [to Jane] and that's NOT the embarrassing information.

Jane: oh no.

Tom: So exactly why did you get your navel pierced?(7)

[Daria glares at Jane].

Daria: Kill you.

Scene 7: [Lawndale Mall. Fashion club are examining their material, and
talking to Theresa, the perennial sales girl. ]

Theresa: That looks really cute on you, Sandi.

Sandi: I'm just not sure it's in. Everything in the store is a little off
lately.

Tiffany: Yeah. Off.

Stacy: I can't even find a packet for bindhi body art. What's going on?

Theresa: [low voice] I can tell you guys, but we never had this conversation.

Tiffany: How can you tell us if we never talked to you?

Sandi: NeverMIND that, Tiffany.

Theresa: We're going to be the OUT store by next month. Our store follows
Waif, and the magazine has lost its hold in the fashion business. Wraith tells
you the important stuff, and the important stuff is Retro-New.

Sandi: That store of new clothes made to look, like, really out of date?

Theresa: That's the one.

Sandi: But Waif has given no indication of a backslide.

Theresa: If you were becoming suddenly uncool, would you admit it?

Sandi: Come on girls, let's investigate this. [exits with Stacy and Tiffany
following]

[Enter Monique].

Monique: Got the whole thing on tape, as requested.

Theresa: Thanks a bundle, Monique. The best part of my job until now was
offering them the unpopular people's dressing room. I've had to tolerate those
little brats and this UCK! clothing to pay my way through college.

Monique: [laughs] would they even recognize you on your days off?

Theresa: NEVER. I was working my other job over at Retro-New last week, and
the one with braids came in. She had no clue I was the same person. Eyeliner
does that, I guess. By the way, can I borrow your dog collar for my date
tonight?

Monique: Anytime. Wanna get lunch? My treat.

Theresa: Sound great. Give me ten minutes, then I'm due for a break. Meet you
at the food court?

Scene 8:

[Jake is sitting at Morgendorffer kitchen table reading a newspaper. Enter
Quinn, still looking sad].

Quinn: Daddy, can I talk to you?

[Jake pulls down paper].

Jake: What do you need, honey? Will my gold card cover it?

Quinn: No, it's not that.

Jake: You'll get your learner's permit on your next birthday, honey

Quinn: It's not that either.

Jake: Uh, can it wait for your mother?

Quinn: My friends are mad at me.

Jake: [reaches in wallet] Here honey, take the platinum card. Just bring me
the receipts, OK?

Scene 9: [Casa Lane. Jane is snickering on the couch while Tom is on his
knees, begging Daria about the piercing job].

Tom: But Daria, all I want to know is why. Just tell me!

Daria: I am NOT telling you anything!

Tom: But why? Just one simple reason!

Daria: I don't have to tell you!

[Enter Trent from stairway]

Trent: Uh, Daria?

Daria: Yeah?

Trent: Could you break up with your boyfriend at your house? It's keeping me
awake.

[Jane starts to laugh even harder]

Tom: We're not breaking up!

Jane: Tom wants to know why Daria got her navel pierced.

Trent: You got it pierced again? Let me see!

Daria: [covering her belly] No, I didn't again. He wanted to know why I did it
the first time.

Trent: Oh. Because it looked cool, right Daria?

[walks over so he is between her and Tom. Winks at Daria. Only Daria sees the
wink, give him Mona Lisa smile]

Daria: right.

Tom: That's IT? That's the only reason...

Trent: Better than if she did it for some guy. [smirks, heads to kitchen]

[Pan to Jane's expression. She looks confused].

Tom: I guess the next question for our mysterious Ms. Morgendorffer is where
she was this afternoon.

Daria: Nowhere you'd appreciate.

Jane: You were gone this afternoon? That's weird. Trent's whereabouts were
unaccounted, too.

Daria: Blame it on those damned aliens that get us out of bed too early.

Tom: Oh no, you won't tell me about the piercing, at least tell me where you
were this afternoon.

Daria: No!

[Trent pokes head out from kitchen]

Trent: Daria, can I talk to you for a minute?

Daria: Um, sure. [to Tom and Jane] Excuse me.

Jane: What's up with them?

Tom: You don't think they were together this afternoon, do you?

[Tom and Jane look at each other, eyes widened].

Scene 10: [Quinn's room. She is lying on her bed, reading Wuthering Heights.
Helen enters]

Helen: honey, are you feeling OK? Why aren't you on a date?

Quinn: I just didn't feel like it tonight, Mom.

Helen: Your dad says that when he gave you his platinum card, you just gave it
right back to him. Is something wrong?

[Quinn sets aside book.]

Quinn: I think I really hurt my friend's feelings, and I'm just starting to
realize how important this person is to me, and I'm afraid she just won't let
me take it back.

Helen: Now honey, I'm sure Sandi will just get over it -

Quinn: uh, yeah, sure.

[Helen exits. Quinn settles back on her bed.]

Scene 11: [shoot to Helen climbing in bed next to Jake, who is reading]

Jake: So what's the matter with Quinn?

Helen: She had a fight with Daria.

Jake: Why would that upset her?

Helen: I think the fight was actually about something this time.

Jake: How should we handle it?

Helen: We don't. This is between sisters. [beat] I left my rolodex downstairs
open to Jane's number. Quinn will handle this fine.

Scene 12: [Lane kitchen. Trent and Daria are sitting across from each other,
sipping from steaming mugs].

Trent: I noticed a big change in mood from earlier today. Why the downswing?

Daria: Fight with Quinn.

Trent: But you were getting along so well at the theater.

Daria: Yes, but then the real Quinn returned from her dimensional plane.

Trent: That's too bad. Seems like you and your sister could almost have what
Janey and I do -- with actual parenting.

Daria: I used to hope for that, too, and I almost did today.

Trent: What did she do that you're so mad at her?

Daria: She just acted like herself.

Trent: how?

Daria: [hesitates] Quinn has this group of friends - the Fashion Club - and
she manages to both cater to and compete with them. She sees me as a risk to
her competition, and won't even admit that I'm her sister.

Trent: That's rough. I feel sorry for Quinn.

Daria: What?

Trent: She's so worried about what other people think of her that she has to
shortchange an incredibly cool person in her life.

[Daria blushes]. [Phone rings. Trent answers]

Trent: Yeah. OK, yeah, she's here. Why don't you come over? Yeah, see you in a
few. [hangs up]. Stay put. I'll go check on Jane and Tom.

Daria: I'm not worried about them.

Trent: I'm just looking for a free shot at Tom.

Daria: [chuckles] Good one.

COMMERCIAL BREAK. THANK YOU FOR YOUR PARTICIPATION IN COGNITIVE DISSONANCE.
PLEASE CHECK YOUR BRAINS AT THE DOOR, AND AFFILIATE ALL SOULS WITH THE GIANT
SQUID.

Act 3: Scene 1: [Casa Lane. Tom and Jane are in Jane's bedroom, watching TV.]

TV Screen: Cut to bearded man pontificating from a phone book. " Salvation or
just another plug? The Church of the Golden Microphone, next on Sick Sad
World!"(9)

[Jane mutes TV]

Tom: Those two have been talking for an awfully long time.

Jane: They're like that sometimes. Especially lately.

Tom: Lately?

Jane: The fair Daria seems to have found her tongue around sir Trent.

Tom: I can't imagine Daria as shy around anyone.

Jane: The only time I've ever seen her that way is with Trent. Then he
disappointed her, and she found out he was the same as any other mortal male.

Tom: Oh. [gets it] OH! Excuse me, but I think I have a conversation I want to
interrupt.

Jane: [grabs Tom's arm] Don't.

Tom: Why not?

Jane: Do YOU want to disappoint Daria?

Tom: Good point. Say, you don't still have that web camera, do you?

Jane: My crazy ex smashed it with a baseball bat.

Tom: Oh. yeah.

[doorbell rings]

Jane: Hm. At this hour it's probably Wind amidst yet another divorce. [stands]
If you'll excuse me.

Scene 2: [Lane front entryway. Jane opens door.]

Jane: Quinn, what are you doing here at this hour?

Quinn: Trent told me to come over.

[Monique appears behind Quinn]

Monique: Hi Jane!

Jane: Isn't this quite the collection of Trent's? Come in, both of you.

[Trent enters from kitchen.]

Trent: Hey Quinn. Daria's in the kitchen. Hey Monique. Long time.

[Monique walks over and gives Trent an affectionate hug.]

Monique: good to see you. how's the spiral?

Trent: doing well, on a break.

Monique: yeah, I heard about Nick's kid. that can really break up rehearsals.

Trent: yeah, I remember what Jesse was like to work with when he just got
poison ivy. So what's new with you?

Monique [flashes ring] Axl popped the question last week.

Trent: [eyes widen] woah. congrats!

Monique: AND the Harpies landed a gig as an opener for Tori Amos.

Trent: I am SO happy for you.

Jane: And I didn't know you two were broken up.

[Trent and Monique laugh].

Trent: So what brings you here this evening?

Monique: Actually, I was hoping to talk to Jane or that friend of hers.

Jane: You want to talk to Daria?

Scene 3: [Lane kitchen. Daria and Quinn have apparently been talking for
awhile.]

Quinn: Like I said, I'm sorry. I'm only starting to understand why I do all of
this stuff, and I like being popular and attractive but it's not so fun
anymore. And the stuff you're interested in is fun in a weird not-fun way.

Daria: And cutting me down to the fashion club helps you have your cake and
eat it, too.

Quinn: [sighs] yes.

[Tom enters, stands at kitchen doorway when he sees Daria and Quinn together].

Daria: So I canceled my date with Tom for nothing. Absolutely nothing.

Quinn: YOU didn't have to lie to him about it. You had nothing at stake.

Daria: Nothing until I got there, that is.

Quinn: Hey, I didn't ask Trent to be there.

[Tom turns on his heel and walks out]

Daria: I just suck at keeping secrets, and it's such a weird thing for him to
like.

Quinn: Daria, I'm sorry. I want to make this better, but I'm not good at
looking at life your way. I'm totally new to this thinking stuff, and it takes
practice!

Daria: Fine Quinn, I accept your apology.

Quinn: Can you help me get back into the fashion club?

Daria: I should have guessed you had an ulterior motive.

Quinn: I am related to YOU, after all.

[Enter Trent with Monique. Daria looks mildly disappointed at seeing Monique].

Trent: Monique came over to see you, Daria.

Daria: What?

Monique: Yeah, I have a favor to ask. I have this friend, Theresa who works at
this super-trendy shop in the mall, and there's these fashion jerks from
Lawndale who come in like every other day and drive her crazy. She's asked me
to take them down like, a thousand pegs and you seemed like the perfect person
to ask.

Daria: What do you want me to do?

Monique: I want some fashion tips.

Quinn: Are you talking about the FASHION CLUB?

Monique: Oh yeah, that's what those little brats call themselves. [takes a
hard look at Quinn] I see you're one of their victims, but don't worry. Trent
and Jane are great with rehabilitating the lost. I hear Daria's not half-bad
either - we'll get you fixed up with your own look and your own mind in no
time.

Quinn: Eep!

Daria: Quinn, I think I see an opportunity in this for you.

[Enter Tom]

Tom: Daria, I'm leaving. I'll talk to you later.

Daria: OK, bye.

Quinn: Tom, are you mad at Daria over the movie? She didn't go there with
Trent, she just ran into him.

Tom: huh?

Quinn: We went to see Gone with the Wind today and we ran into Trent. Those
two were so cute, crying at the end.

[Trent and Daria glare at Quinn]

Monique: So much for the coolness factor

Jane: So Quinn really is Jake's daughter.

Daria: Quinn, remember how you DIDN'T see us?

Quinn: I'll help you with the fashion club deal if you let this one slide.

Daria: done. Although this, to some extent, is still self-serving on your
part.

Quinn: As long as I don't have to pick cotton...or poly-blends

Scene 4: [Lawndale High, Jane is standing at Daria's locker. Jane has a
camcorder with her, and Daria holds a copy of Waif and Wraith magazine.]

Daria: Erk. I think my brains are leaking just from holding these magazines.

Jane: [looks in Daria's ear] Nope, not even a trickle yet. Maybe they're just
trying to crawl out of your lobe from revulsion.

Daria: Come to think of it...think...nah, lost it. Wow, this explains a lot
about Quinn.

Jane: speaking of...

[enter Quinn]

Quinn: Daria, I just need you to hold up that copy of Wraith. Here, give me
Waif. Thanks, now just stand right there, they're on their way.

[Enter Fashion Club, all dressed in outfits similar to Daria's. Sandi sees
Daria holding up Wraith and recoils in horror]

Sandi: No, this can't be!

Quinn: Oh, hi, Sandi, Stacy, Tiffany...OH MY GOD! What happened to you?

Sandi: We were informed that Wraith was the newest in fashion authority, and
so we transferred all of our shopping efforts to Retro-New.

Quinn: You know, I heard from Claire, that really cool owner of Fashion
boutique, that Theresa was fired for trying to lead people astray from
fashion. It seems she converted to the UnPOPular.

Stacy: Oh no!

Tiffany: That is so wrong...

Sandi: So we ended up looking like this because SHE converted? NOOO! Not
possible.

Quinn: Then explain why a BRAIN is reading Wraith. And in PUBLIC, too!

[Jane angles in with videocamera. Sandi sees her]

Sandi: Stop filming. I will NOT be seen like this!

Quinn: You know, I do have a way with brains, but I'm on probation with the
fashion club. Otherwise I'd be able to help you out, make sure the video
doesn't come out.

Sandi: Very well. Ladies, shall we reinstate Quinn as a member of the Fashion
Club?

Stacy/Tiffany: Yes!

Sandi: Then you're in. Now, help us with an emergency clothes change
operation.

Quinn: No problem. [calls over shoulder] boys! [3 Js show up] Jeffy, let me
borrow your car.

Jeffy: Sure Quinn [hands her keys]

Quinn: Joey and J...Jasper, you each have classes with Sandi, Stacy and
Tiffany. Tell the teachers they're sick and seeing a doctor in the city.

Js: OK.

Quinn: You'd think I'd deserve a promotion

Sandi: Don't push it.

Scene 5: [cut to Jane and Daria]

Jane: to think, for a moment there you were the fashion center of Lawndale
high. Are you sorry you missed an opportunity to be a trendsetter?

Daria: Frankly my dear, I don't give a damn.

[lalalalal music]

Author's Notations: Again, this is from my semi-canon series. I intend to play
both sides of the shipper question as long as I can.


Notes:

1 Lewis Carroll, from the poem The Walrus and the Carpenter

2 Rocky Horror Picture Show - a classic B movie that's almost C, a musical
horror story. At least 2 well-known fanfic authors write about the adventures
of the Daria cast with this movie and its peculiar cult following. And it's
funny.

3)Airheads - the ultimate band wannabe movie. Brendan Frasier plays a musician
whose band hijacks a radio station just for airplay.

4)Mars Attacks - a Tim Burton film where aliens take over the Earth and blow
up Congress

5)Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde, by Robert Louis Stevenson: a man splits his
personality by drinking a potion.

6)Cafe Disaffecto

7)Pierce Me

8)The New Kid

9)This is an actual group whose only goal is to list more members than those
counted by the Southern Baptist church. They hang out on street corners in
Nashville every Friday night, and hold proselytization contests with the
Christian street preachers.
