Goodbye, Jake 
By Mitch 

Jake packed the last of his things and, sadly, looked up to Morgendorffer Home Base for
the last time. He couldn't believe that Helen had finally kicked him out. "YOU'VE IGNORED
ME FOR THE LAST TIME!" she said. He had been pleading, begging, but it was no use.
Right now, Jake's eyes were tearing. He tried to think more positive by thinking of when,
just a few minutes ago, he was saying 'bye to Quinn. He was holding her, tearing, and
hearing her whisper, "I'll miss you, Daddy." He was glad that she would miss her more than
her mother would and that he could still see Quinn whenever he could. However, he felt that
all those years for a family man was almost for naught. Then he remembered that, at least,
he was able to have two wonderful daughters and he -wouldn't have to live in Helen's
shadow anymore-! He would've cheered if not for fear that Quinn would hear him and jump
to the wrong conclusion 

Well, he was about to move out of Lawndale...forever. He hadn't lived there that long
but...there was always something about this place, something...pleasant. At least it was
better than Highland, which wasn't saying much. What bothered him the most right now was
that he couldn't say goodbye to..."Jake?" He knew that voice. Heck, he -should- have
known that voice! "Jake, you're still here?" The source of the voice came to him. "Daria?
I...thought you'd be out with those friends of yours." "I was but I came to see you off."
"You...you did?" Jake felt happy and confused at the same time. "Daria, I...I thought you
didn't like me." "It was you're naivete I didn't like, but...you're not a jerk like a lot of the men I
know. Besides, you're...innocence always kinda kept me sane...well, a -few- times." Jake
hugged her and smiled. "Daria, I...I want you to know that I...I love you and...I'll always be
proud of you!" "Uh, thanks Jake. I...I guess I'll miss you too." Jake kissed his elder
daughter's forehead. "Just remember, You're my first great accomplishment, Daria. You
and Quinn helped me try to get over my memories of my dad." "Gee, uh, thanks Jake."
Remember me." "You're kinda hard to forget. Besides, I'm sure we'll see each other
again." "Well, this is it." Jake almost hesitantly got in his car. He nervously turned the key.
As the engine warmed up, he saw Daria still in front of his home for the past few years. She
was waving to him. He waved back, thinking that she had grown into a lovely young woman
now. Jake smiled weakly and heard Daria say, "Goodbye, Jake," as his car pulled out to
start the trip to the new consulting firm he was starting in the town of Woodland. 

THE END 