                           "Gunshot"   By: Shea, (Dublelutz2@aol.com)

Disclaimer: I do not own this show or any characters.

Note from me: Ok, this is my first fanfic. I hope u enjoy it as much as i 
enjoyed writing it. It might be alittle harsh, but i did write this for 2 
hours straight so be lienent please.

The Story:

Daria and Jane are in their senior year of high school, both 18 years old. 

Setting: Right after Columbine's incident
Scene: Walking to school

JANE: Whats Princess Grace so worked up about now?
DARIA: The shooting at Columbine, I convinced her it would make Ms. Li give 
us ugly, out of style uniforms and her popularity would die.
JANE: She actually believed that?
DARIA: yup
JANE: I'm damn proud of you
DARIA: of course you are

They reach school, as the day passes, no one not ices Mr. DiMartino's calmer 
attitude and references to how violence is the answer sort of attitude, on 
one except Upchuck....

Scene: Mr. DiMartino's room, after school

UPCHUCK: Mr.DiMartino, what are you doing?

We see that he is loading many large guns.

MR. DIMARTINO: I'm PREPARING for my revenge on all the NITWITS who make my 
life HELL!
UPCHUCK: need an assistant?  

Mr. Dimartino looks up at him with a surprised but thoughtful look.

~Scene Fades Out~

Setting: Lane House, Janes Room

TV: Teachers going psycho? Could yours be next? Find out next on Sick Sad 
World!
JANE: To late for that     (Phone Rings)  Daria, could u get that please?
DARIA: Sure, I have nothing better to do that play secreatary for her 
majesty, the aspiring artist
JANE: Bow before me after you answer the phone

Neither notice that the phone has stopped ringing and Trent is standing in 
the doorway looking slightly worried.

JANE: Oh, hey Trent. Whats the matter? Phone wake you up from your "busy" 
scheuedle?
TRENT: No, the phone call is whats wrong. Some guy said "Beware the day, it 
could be the last of Lawndale" or something in that nature.
DARIA: I don't like the sound of that at all
JANE: neither do I
TRENT: Nor I, (now hugging Daria at her waist) I'm worried about u guys
 
Unbeknownst to everyone, Jesse had shown up and heard everything. 

JESSE: Whoa, very creepy
JANE: Jesse!! (runs to him, he takes her in his arms)
JESSE: don't worry, everything will be ok
JANE: I'm scared
DARIA: we all are  
(all nod in agreement)

~Scene Fades Out~

Setting: Trent's Car, Graduation is in a few days and that is the day 
everyone is expecting this school wide threat to occur. Daria and Trent are 
"cuddeling" in the back, Jane and Jesse in front. 

Jane is to freaked out to comment on Daria and Trent. 

Jesse stops in front of the school, Daria and Jane get out of the car.
 
DARIA: see you after school    (Trent Kisses her)
JANE: bye (kisses Jesse)

Daria and Jane walk into the school, Jesse and Trent drive away.

Setting: Mr. DiMarino's Senior History class. 

No one pays attention as Mr. DiMartino and Upchuck converse privatly in the 
front of the room. Both have large and long duffel bags filled to capacity.

DARIA: this whole threat thing is actually freaking me out
JANE: me too, but look at it this way, we can skip graduation and Trent can 
keep u nice and safe in his room. (sly grin on her face)
DARIA: F*ck off Lane, don't get me started on u and Jesse
JANE: I hate you (kiddingly)
DARIA: I hate you too  (also kiddingly)

Mr. DiMartino and Upchuck have finished their conference, and Upchuck has 
returned to his seat with his duffel bag close by, Mr. DiMartino also has his 
nearby. 

MR. DIMARTINO: Today our lesson is on revenge
KEVIN: um, Mr. D., whats that revenge thing mean?
MR. DIMARTINO: (taking something out of his bag, its a huge gun and he points 
it at Kevin) the lesson you're all gonna learn!!!!

Mr. DiMartino pulls the trigger but Kevin moves in time to just miss getting 
hit. Everyone but Upchuck, Daria and Jane get up and go to the back of the 
room. Upchuck joins his partner and Daria and Jane remain frozen in shock. 

MR. DIMARTINO: don't even think about running! To the auditouriom, now. 
(calling to a mysterious person outside) take them, J.
J: got it boss

Everybody has left with Upchuck and J. except for Daria and Jane.

MR. DIMARTINO: why are u still sitting there?
DARIA and JANE: b.....b....because
MR. DIMARTINO: aww, prize pupil and sidekick at a loss for words for the 
first time ever? Too bad, say your pray.......
 
Mr. DiMartino is disrupted by the sounds of gubshots and screams (which 
continue for the whole scene at the school). One of the screams is definitly 
Quinn's. 

DARIA: Quinn!!!!!

Daria takes off running after the voice of her sister, with Jane right behind 
her. DiMartino had slipped off unnoticed by the girls when the first gunshot 
was heard.

Scene: Cafeteria, Quinn has be shot in the shoulder is loosing alot of blood. 
The Fashion Club surround her. 

QUINN: get my sister
SANDI: sister?
QUINN: yes sister, Daria, i need her, find her please
STACY: Tiffany, Sandi, find Daria, I'll stay with Quinn
SANDI: excuse me? are u suddenly leader here?
TIFFANY: shut up Sandi, lets go, Quinn needs her sister
STACY: move it Sandi, shes loosing alot of blood
TIFFANY: no problem, i have a sister like Daria, i love her alot too. 
QUINN: (faint) thanks for understanding
 
Tiffany and a defeated Sandi leave in search of Daria.

Scene: a hallway, Jodie and Mack and holding each other, they run into 
Tiffany and  Sandi.

JODIE: what are u guys doing?
TIFFANY: Finding Quinn's sister, Daria
MACK: us too, lets go

Scene: a different hallway, Daria and Jane turn a corner running at full 
speed. 

DARIA: (shouting) Quinn!!!
JANE: (also shouting) Quinn!!!

Scene: a hallway connecting the other two, both groups turn a corner into the 
hallway and run into each other.

DARIA: wheres Quinn?
TIFFANY: in the cafeteria, shes been asking for u, shes been shot in the 
shoulder
 
Daria takes off running, no one, not even Jane can keep up with her.  They 
run into the Cafeteria, not noticing Upchuck behind them. 

DARIA: Quinn!
QUINN:  Daria, i'm so sorry
DARIA: shhh......  (hugs her sister, her sister hugs back)

Suddenly Upchuck makes his presence known by aiming and shooting.

Scene: Outside, Trents car, We hear the gunshot and a scream that sounds like 
Daria's. Trent gets out of the car and starts running, Jesse is behind him. 

Jesse is going in search of help in the school, while Trent goes straight to 
the Cafeteria, from where he heard the shot. 

Scene: Cafeteria, Daria is motionless on the ground, blood spilling out from 
under her. The bullet is obviously close to her heart. Trent comes running in 
unnoticed. We do not know if Daria is breathing or not. Quinn goes to her 
unconcious sister, then to Upchuck. 

QUINN: Bastard, that was my sister. (Quinn punches upchuck out)

Jane and the whole group, (minus Sandi and Trent) hug Quinn in a big group. 
Trent goes over to Daria. Unbeknowst to anyone, after 10 min. of being 
unconious, Upchuck gets up and slips away. The group has noticed Trents 
presence and is now just standing back and watching. Jesse comes in with 3 
cops, all male, behind him. The shooting and screaming has stopped. 
Suddenly, 2 dark figures have shown up behind the cops. 

FIGURE 1: male-scum, you will pay for this
FIGURE 2: this puts Lawndale high on the map for sure

If u haven't figureed it out, its Li and Barch. 

BARCH: say your prayers male scum

Li and Barch shoot the three "cops" down, they turn out to be UpChuck, 
DiMarino and J. The Paramedics show up and take Daria and Quinn away. Trent 
goes with Daria along with Jane and Jodie. Mack, Tiffany and Stacy go with 
Quinn. 

Scene: Daria's ambulance. The paramedics are doing surgery on Daria, mainly 
trying to get her to breathe, since she had stopped about 5 minutes ago. 

PARAMEDIC 1: try a higher voltage, i'm not gonna let her die. 
PARAMEDIC 2: try it now.

After another 5 minutes, Daria's heart started again. It was faint, but it 
was beating, and she was breathing. 

Scene: Lawndale Hospital, 2 months later

Daria is in her hospital bed, with Trent right beside her, and Jane next to 
him. Quinn has her arm in a sling but otherwise is ok. Tiffany, Stacy Jodie, 
Mack and a reluctant Sandi are there too. 

TV: Lawndale High's turn of events leaves one student near death. Daria 
Morgendorffer's story as told by friends and family, next on CNN!!
DARIA: I'm famous. (kids) which is my best side?
JANE: they're both good
QUINN: nah, the one shes been sitting on for the past 2 months
JANE: spoken like a true sister
DARIA and QUINN: cousin
JANE: whatever
TRENT: (has a sly look on his face as he whispers into a now blushing Daria's 
ear)
JANE: Trent, what did u put into her head now? 

Trent responds with a sly grin shot in Janes direction, once again, Jesse 
shows up in time to hear it all. 

JANE: thats enough Trent, i don't need to know
JESSE: I can deal with it, what do u say Jane?

Jane now has her own sly look. 

JANE: everybody vacate unless u care to get a date and join us.
SANDI: (as she leaves) thats so wrong
QUINN: shut up Sandi and leave them be

Everybody but Daria, Trent, Jane, Jesse, Jodie and Mack leave. 

DARIA: Jodie, MacK? This is something i didn't expect. 

Jodie and Mack just give her a mona-lisa smile. The other 4 just laugh. 

~Scene Fades~

~Roll Credits~

Well, thats my first and definitly not last Fanfic, once again, my name is 
Shea  and if u would like to comment, just e-mail me at Dublelutz2@aol.com. 
Please no bad comments.
