( Open Sequence Followed by):
Daria In.... Hey, Hey, It's A Cliché A.K.A The worst fanfic Ever
By Patrick Leland(Isuckatlax@aol.com)
Note: This is not a serious fanfic its my satire of every fanfic Cliché and
common joke I can think of


Act 1:
Int. Daria's Room
Quinn:(Off-screen) Oh my God Daria's my cousin and I like clothes.
(Phone rings)
(Cut to: Split Screen Daria and Jane)
Jane: Hey Daria Who Loves Trent, YOU LOVE TRENT NAH-NAH-NAH-NAH-NAH.
Daria: Be Quiet or I will Inflict Physical Damage on You
Jane: So Mystik Spiral is having a gig at the Zen do you want to come?
Daria:Ok
(Trent's Car Pulls Up)
Trent: Hey Daria,
Daria:(Blushes) Hi Trent
(Trent falls asleep)
(Cut to: The Zen, Mystik Spiral is Playing behind my Eyelids)
(Cut to: Daria and Jane)
Daria:(Spots Monique) Oh Man I HATE HER1
Jane:You Love Trent
(Cut To: Monique and Trent)
Monique: I Love you Trent
(Monique starts humping Trent's Leg)
Trent: But I love Daria, I just cant tell her
(Cut To bar: Daria and Trent)
Trent: Hey Daria, want a beer
Daria:No Thanks
Trent: You would look Hot with a beer
(Daria Starts Drinking Wildly, chugging beer after beer)
Act Two
(Cut to: Trent's Room, Close up on Trent's Bed, You see Trent and Daria asleep)
Daria:(Waking Up) Ahhhh, what have we done
Trent:(Also waking)Daria, calm down. I know this seems like a mistake now but I
      Love you and I think you love me too.
Daria: I Do Trent I Really do
Trent: Woo-Hoo
(Jane Enters)
Jane: Hey Guys Have fun?
Daria: Oh My God, Jane!!!!!!
Jane: Don't Worry Im Glad
(Daria Climbs Out Trent's Bed, Falls and stubs her toe)
Trent: Oh My God Daria!!!!!!!
Jane: We Have to get her to a hospital
(Cut To: Lawndale Hospital, Daria is an a stretcher with her foot elevated
         being rushed to the emergency room)
(Cut to: Waiting Room, Morgendorfers and Lanes + Jesse)
Dr: Phillips2: People, It doesn't look good, Daria is in a coma, we don't know
               when she will come out or if she will at all)
Quinn:(Crying) Daria!!!
Dr. Phillips: I think she is ready for Visitors, family only hospital policy
              sorry, (Signalling to the Morgendorfers) Right this way.
Helen:(Seeing Daria) Oh My God, My Baby
Jake:(Reading the Paper) Ha Ha am I clueless
Quinn: Mom, Dad, Can I Have a moment alone with Daria
Helen: Sure, Honey
Quinn:(Kneeling by Daria's Bed) Daria, I'm Sorry for all the times I called you
      my cousin(Sob, Sob). If you ever come out of this coma I sware ill
      Change. No More fashion club or clothes or boys. Ill get straight and
      dedicate my life to poor and less fashionable, I mean fortunate
(Cut to: Waiting room, Jane and Jesse present)
Jane:(Crying) She's best friend, If she doesn't come out who will I have?
Jesse: Me, I love you, Jane
Jane: I love you too, Jesse
(Enter Tom)
Tom: Hey what about me?
( Jane and Jesse Kiss will Jane kicks Tom , sending him flying away)
(Cut to: Hospital bed, Daria wakes up and enters waiting room)
(Cut To: Waiting Room)
Daria: Hey Guys
Everyone: DARIA YOUR OK!!!
Daria: I love you, Trent
Trent: I Love you too
Jesse: I Love You, Jane
Jane: I Love you, Jesse
THE END

1. I know this might not be considered a Cliché, I think it was started by
Diane Long, Whose work I Love BTW, But I've been seeing it more and more
lately so I thought I'd Lampoon It.

Author's Notes:

Hey, I'm Back. Anybody miss me? Ok, Well anyways. This story took me
appoximently an hour. Something in the recent essay by the Paperpusher drove
me to write this. I did it for me, this fanfic was enormously fun for me, and
if nobody else finds it funny well at least I had fun with it and laughed a
bit. So if you do send me an email when you get the time. This Fanfic is
dedicated to The Paperpusher for his inspiration.

Daria and Friends Copyright 2000 By MTV, a division of Viacom, Inc.

This Fan fiction is Copyright 2000 By Pat Leland and I'm covered by some kind
of court descion so I don't think you can sue, but please don't try I'm poor
anyways
