Disclaimer: Daria and all related characters are the property of MTV


I really want to hear your input whether it be to congrat me or to tell me
that I’m the worst fan fiction writer ever. If you see an error or something
that defies a character personality, tell me.


                 Opening theme song rolls. Close up of Daria logo. Under the
logo:


                                                            Daria
                                                               In
                                                   “In Your Dreams”
                                                  By: Sarah Dobosh
(candiekisses2002@hotmail.com)

INT.: Quinn’s Room

We see Quinn and Trent sitting on Quinn’s bed, hand in hand looking into
each other’s eyes.

Quinn: Trent you’ve done so much for me.  You’ve opened my eyes to a new
world and showed my soul depth and meaning.

Trent: No, Quinn It’s YOU who’s opened my eyes, and introduced me to a world
of sequins, limelight’s and pleather.

Quinn: Pleather is so last season.

Trent: You fashion goddess you!

They lean in for a passionate embrace.

Daria sits up in bed her face embedded in sweat, with a horrified look on
her face.

EXT.:  Morgendorffer house at night.

Cut To:

EXT.: Lawndale Highschool at morning.

Cut To:

INT.: Lawndale high cafeteria.

Jane and Daria sit at table.

Jane is laughing hysterically and daria is clearly angry.

Jane finally stops laughing and stares at daria.

Jane: Trent (beat) and Quinn?

Jane continues laughing uncontrollably.

Daria: whatever part of me made me think that I could tell you, is about to
die a long and painful death.

Jane: Oh come on daria, it’s more likely for the fashion club to show up
today in brown paper bags then it is for Trent and Quinn to EVER get
together.

Daria: Well, they have been showing up in some pretty bizarre outfits.

Jane: I mean if Trent or Quinn heard about your dream they’d be deeply 
offended.

Daria: I’m heading for the bathroom, I don’t think I can stomach you 
referring to Quinn and Trent as They.

Daria stands and exits.

Jane sits in silence for a moment then resumes laughing her head off.

Cuts to commercial break; Lead in: shot of daria sitting up in bed with a 
horrified look on her face.

Commercials;

1.Everybody in khakis    GAP
2. Gooey Chilito
3. TRUTH
4. CD promotion
5. Movie Preview


EXT.:  Lane house

Jane and daria are about to enter house.

Daria: Say one word about my dream and I’m outta here.

Jane: Wow! That was so much milder than the usual death threat.
I mean, You disappoint me daria

Daria: Eh, I’m not in the creative mood right now.

Jane and daria enter house.

Trent: Janey!? That you?

Jane: No, it’s me Jesse, I’ve decided to try a new look.

Daria smirks at this

Trent: Sorry Janey it’s just my eyes, they been a little messed up all 
morning.

Jane: In what context are they “Messed up?”

Trent: Well, y’know how on that show COPS, they like scramble the guys face?

Jane: Yeah. (Beat) and?

Trent: oh, I was just thinking it’s cool how they do that

Jane: (Looks questioningly at Trent) Trent, you OK? You’re starting to sound 
like Kevin.

Trent: Yeah (beat) No.

Jane walks up to Trent and places her hand on his head

Jane: Hmm, daria feel Trent’s head.

Daria blushes but does as she’s told

Daria: He’s hot.
Jane: So you’ve said.

Daria stares Daggers at Jane.

Trent: Daria, you’re here? I didn’t see you.

Daria: and that’s news in what way?

Trent: Uh, listen janey, I’m fine, I just need some sleep.

Trent exits to his room.

Jane: well daria and I are heading out for some pizza.

Trent: That’s fine janey, do whatever you want.

Jane shrugs at daria and they exit.

Cut to:

INT,: Morgendorffer house.

Helen in on phone as per usual and Jake is thumbing through the paper.

Jake: Oh my, page f6 has a great recipe for eggplant Parmesan, but on page 
f7 there’s a recipe for 4 cheese pasta that’s won awards! What do you think
I should make tonight, honey?

Helen: Jake, dear, I know you like to cook, but this is getting absurd.

Jake: Not you too! Just like my father “Son, cooking is for wussies and 
women!” “No son of mine is gonna own an easy bake oven!”

Jake bursts into tears and exits room.

Helen: Jake! I-

Cell phone rings

Helen: Hello? (Beat) Yes Eric that’s fine. (beat) NO! I need to handle that 
personally! (beat) Because I said so!

Helen hangs of phone and exits to kitchen, where we find Jake rocking back 
and forth on the floor clinging to his spatula.

Dissolve to:

INT.: pizza place

Daria: I’ve never seen Trent acting so odd.

Jane: (Gets a smirk on her face) Quinn must be rubbing off on him.

Daria who is just about to bite into her slice of pizza instead slaps it 
back onto her plate, crosses her arms and glares at Jane.

Cuts to commercial break; lead in shot of Jake sitting on the floor with his 
spatula.

Commercials;

1. Victoria Secret
2. Arid deodorant
3. Pepsi
4. Sprite

EXT.:  Morgendorffer house

Cut To:

INT.: Kitchen

Helen: (anxious to get this little incident over with) I’m sorry Jake, you 
go ahead and cook whatever you want.

Jake: (sniffling) You mean it?

Helen: Sigh, of course dear. I’ll get the girls to stay home and we’ll have 
a nice normal family dinner tonight.

Quinn enters kitchen

Quinn: Mother! I have a date tonight, and you’re always lecturing me about 
keeping commitments.

Helen: I’m sorry Quinn, but this is one date you’ll just have to break.

Quinn: Fine! But if daria doesn’t show up, then I don’t have to,

Helen: Oh she’ll be here, you are going to go get her.

Quinn: ARGH!!!!!!!!!!

Quinn leaves, slamming the front door behind her.

Cut to:

EXT.: Lane House

Quinn is knocking on front door; Trent answers.

Trent: Hey?

Quinn: Is daria here?

Trent: (obviously confused) Daria? Come in.

Quinn: Fine, but if anyone sees me here I’m going to say you forced me.

Trent:  Daria, janey will be home soon, she went to get some…. Uh?

Quinn: (disgusted at being confused for daria) Look… You, I’m not daria; I’m 
Daria’s cousin or something.

Trent: Daria’s…
Quinn: COUSIN!!!!!!

Trent: right.

Quinn: is daria here or not?

Trent: Uh, not

Quinn… is she going to be here?

Trent: Maybe… I dunno.

Quinn: I’ll wait.

Trent: Uh, OK.

Another knock on the door, this time its Jesse.

Trent: Oh hi Uh….

Jesse: JESSE!

Trent: Right Jesse, we’re gonna….

Jesse: Write some lyrics

Trent: right. Uh Jesse, this is Daria’s….

Quinn: COUSIN!!!!

Trent: Right, sorry.

Jesse: Hey

Quinn: (becoming bored and upset) Hey.

Jesse: So, we gonna write or what?

Trent: Uh yeah.

2 hrs later

Trent: My head’s a stink toilet, full of all your shit, please press the
flusher baby, let me be free of it!

Quinn: (Sounding ditzy as always) Wow, you guys are like…. Deep! But y’know
what would make you seem ever deeper and make your band REALLY popular?

Time laps to Jesse and Trent looking at each other in shock.
Quinn has put them into black muscle shirts and TIGHT khakis. Jesse has his
hair pulled back and Trent has his hair styled and his goatee is GONE!!!!!!



Commercial break; lead in shot is of Quinn slamming out the front door

Commercials;
1.Herbal Essences
2. Coca cola
3. Dish detergent
4. Movie preview
5. Pizza hut

INT: Trent’s basement
Trent and Jesse are still staring at each other in horror

Trent: This is Hmm, Uh

Quinn: Amazing?

Trent: Uh, sure. (Trent looks more dazed then ever now, and is REALLY
starting to sound like Kevin)

Jesse: Trent you OK? You’re acting kinda weird

Trent: I’m fine, let’s just practice some more.

Jesse: Uh, OK.

Trent: My heads a friggin toilet bowl, full of all your shit, please use the
flusher baby, let me be rid of it.
Yes please head for the sewer, It’s where you belong.

Jesse and Trent: The sewer, the sewer, yeah it’s where you belong.

Quinn: Oh wow, that was totally meaningful, I can so relate!!!!!!!

Trent: Uh, you wanna read somemore of my lyrics, I got a book full back in
my room

Quinn: Uh, OK.

Quinn and Trent sit on Trent’s messy bed as Quinn thumbs through Trent’s
book of lyrics, after about 5 minutes Quinn finally shuts book.

Trent: Well? What do you… umm?

Quinn: Think?

Trent: Right.

Quinn: It’s amazing, I’ve never felt so real! With your hair like that you
even look hot!

Trent smiles that half mouth smile he does.

Trent: Babe, you really appreciate my noise?

Cut to daria and Jane opening door then back to Trent and Quinn

Quinn: You know I do

Cut to daria and Jane right inside the house.

Quinn and Trent get closer, Daria and Jane Open Trent’s door as he and Quinn
lock lips.


Credits

Daria as Hillary Clinton

Jane as Go girl

Quinn as Knocked up Teen

Jake as Vincent price

Helen as Dominatrix

