Jane's World - "Ice Box Woman" 
by George K. Abraham

Blank screen. 

JANE (Narrating):  Hi.  I'm Jane.  This is my world.  You'd better get used to it. 

Fade in from blank screen to an aerial shot of Ellis Island and the Statue of Liberty.  The
intro to the song "Bitter Sweet Symphony" by The Verve is heard. 

JANE (Narrating):  After getting out of high school, I decided to use the money my parents
saved up for college and move up to New York to pursue my lifelong dream of becoming a
big time professional artist. 

Fade in from Statue of Liberty to an aerial shot of New York City.  Pan from streets of New
York City to the window of a small studio apartment.  Zoom into the apartment's interior
from the window.  There is a large bed in the center of the apartment surrounded by
numerous paintings and sculptures.  Pan across from painting to painting.  Abrupt blank
screen. 

JANE (Narrating):  Reality check. 

Fade in from blank screen to an aerial shot of the campus of Dale University.  The image of
Jane standing in front of the school's art building is vaguely distinguishable.  The intro to the
song "Nothing's Shocking" by Jane's Addiction is heard. 

JANE (Narrating):  My parents forced me to attend college close to home. 

Zoom in on Jane standing in front of the school's art building.  Our heroine looks the same
as she used to in high school except for being a little bit taller and a tad bit more shapely. 
She is wearing her trademark red jacket and black v-neck shirt with a white collar.  Her
black leggings and mud boots haven't changed either.  Her usual charcoal shorts, however,
have been replaced with a skirt.  Jane has also replaced her usual three ring earrings with
single gold earrings on each ear.  She is also wearing a gold bracelet on her left wrist that
she doesn't have in any other shot until the middle of the episode when she actually gets it. 

JANE (Narrating):  They actually gave the cashier handwritten instructions not to process
my tuition refund. 

Scene changes to Jane's dorm room.  Pan from her bed with a black leather jacket lying
across it...to her easel with an unfinished painting of a corn field atop it...to her dresser with
pictures of herself and Daria at graduation.  Zoom in on a gold class ring atop her dresser
that reads Lawndale High. 

JANE (Narrating):  Life here is pretty normal. 

Scene changes to Jane and her roommate Jodie talking to each other while sitting on a
bench outside of class.  Both are having lunch:  Jane drinking a cup of coffee, Jodie eating
a sandwich.  The beginning to the song "She Blinded Me With Science" by Thomas Dolby
is heard. 

JANE (Narrating):  My roommate Jodie's actually a classmate of mine from Lawndale
High. 

Pan from Jodie to her immediate left and a stack of books as high as her shoulders.  Titles
range from Physics...to Calculus...to Journalism...to Jewelry Making.  Jane rolls her eyes. 

JANE (Narrating):  Jodie's what you call an overachiever.  I doubt she'll ever get over
achieving things. 

Scene changes to Jane's art class.  Sitting next to her is Andrea, dressed in her usual goth
attire.  Both are sitting in front of blank canvasses looking wide eyed at something at the
front of the class.  The beginning to the song "Closer" by Nine Inch Nails is heard. 

JANE (Narrating):  Andrea's also from my high school.  She's in my life drawing class. 

Shot changes to the front of Jane's art class.  A nude male model with large muscles is
posing for the class.  Andrea's leaning over to get a better look at the model.  Her head is
strategically blocking the model's crotch in the shot.  Zoom in on Jane's canvass.  Her
drawing is very detailed and articulate.  Jane leans over to look at Andrea's drawing and
sees a bunch of heavy black lines that look more like a murder scene than a human figure. 
Jane raises an eyebrow and looks at Andrea. 

JANE (Narrating):  Andrea's...well...she's a little strange.  Even for me. 

Scene changes to a street level shot of Jane's old house on 111 Howard Drive.  The
chorus to the song "Jane's Getting Serious" by Jon Astley is heard.  Shot changes to Jane
standing in her room.  She is busy packing things away into boxes.  Shot changes to her
brother Trent outside her doorway.  He is carrying a large box in his arms. 

JANE (Narrating):  That's Trent.  He's my older brother.  When he's not sleeping he's
usually playing in his band Mystik Spiral. 

Jane pokes her head out her doorway and into the hall.  She sees Trent nodding off, still
holding on to the box.  Jane snaps her fingers in front of Trent's face and her brother
immediately wakes up.  Trent looks from side to side.  Jane piles another box on to Trent. 

JANE (Narrating):  Hmm.  Actually, he has been known to do both at the same time. 

Scene changes to a street level shot of McGrundy's Pub on 18 Main Street.  The beginning
to the song "From The Futon" is being sung by Trent.  Zoom in on the double front doors
from outside the pub.  Fade in from the double front doors to the stage.  Mystik Spiral is
performing.  Trent is playing lead guitar and singing a song while Jesse is playing rhythm
guitar and nodding his head to the beat. 

JANE (Narrating):  That's Jesse.  He's my maaain squeeeeze. 

Shot changes to Jane sitting down on a table in front of the stage.  She is smiling at Jesse. 

JANE (Narrating):  Jesse plays rhythm guitar in Trent's band. 

Pan from Jane to Daria who is sitting right next to her.  Daria glares at Jane.  Jane turns to
Daria and stops smiling. 

JANE (Narrating):  Oh yeah.  That's Daria.  She's sort of my best friend.  We used to hang
around all the time in high school. 

Scene changes to an aerial shot of the campus of Middleton College.  The intro to the song
"Virus" by KMFDM is heard.  Shot changes to a street level view of the Middleton College
plaque at the school's entrance.  Pan from plaque to the school's psychology building. 
Zoom in on a window from outside the building.  Fade in from that shot to the same window
from the inside.  Pan from window to Daria sitting at a desk taking notes.  Her elbow is on
the desk and her hand is propping up her head. 

JANE (Narrating):  'Cept now she goes to college at Middleton, about an hour's drive from
where I'm at.  Actually got a full scholarship.  From what I hear she's studying to become
criminal psychologist. 

Abrupt blank screen. 

JANE (Narrating):  So much for that profession. 

Fade in from blank screen to Jane's dorm room window from the outside.  The intro to the
song "Keep On Movin'" by Soul II Soul is heard then fades out.  Zoom in on window.  Shot
changes to interior of the room.  Jane is painting on her easel while talking on the phone
with Daria. 

DARIA (Over the Phone):  So then my professor talks about how all serial killers are born
with this defective gene that makes them lose all sense of what's right and what's wrong. 

JANE:  That's not so shocking. 

Scene changes to Daria's dorm room.  She is lying atop her bed watching television. 

JANE (Over the Phone):  Four years at Lawndale High will do the same thing to you. 

DARIA:  That's what I told him.  But he said he wouldn't accept that for my thesis. 

Shot changes to Daria's television set.  Sick Sad World is on.  Shot changes to Daria lying
on her bed. 

JANE (Over the Phone):  So what are you planning on writing for your thesis? 

DARIA:  I'm thinking about doing a paper on the effects of tabloid television on youth today.

Shot changes to Daria's television set. 

ANNOUNCER (On Television):  Today on Sick Sad World..."A Luncheon Meat Exclusive". 
What are they reeeally putting in Spam?  We interview a pig farmer in Roswell, New
Mexico. 

Shot changes to Daria lying on her bed. 

JANE (Over the Phone):  Hmm?  An autobiography? 

DARIA:  I was thinking the exact same thing. 

Scene changes to Jane's dorm room. 

JANE:  Sooo, have you told your parents you plan on transferring to UCLA yet? 

Scene changes to Daria's dorm room. 

DARIA:  No, not yet.  They were so thrilled about me going to their old alma mater in the
first place, I don't know how I'm going to break it to them now. 
  

Scene changes to Jane's dorm room. 

DARIA (Over the Phone):  Truth is, life here at Middleton sucks...I don't feel like I'm learning
anything. 

JANE:  So, make up a lie. 

Scene changes to Daria's dorm room. 

JANE (Over the Phone):  Tell your parents the standard of education's gone down since
they went to school.  Tell 'em the atmosphere is stifling and not conducive to a positive
learning experience. 

Scene changes to Jane's dorm room.  Jane raises an eyebrow and smiles sinisterly. 

JANE:  Tell 'em your professors are harassing you sexually. 

Scene changes to Daria's dorm room.  Daria props her chin up with her left hand. 

JANE (Over the Phone):  Make 'em feel baaad for suggesting their old school in the first
place. 

Daria looks upward, thinking.  Scene changes to Jane's dorm room. 

DARIA (Over the Phone):  I thought you said to make up a lie? 

Jane looks upward, thinks for a second, then continues painting. 

JANE:  Sooo, Daria, what'cha doing this weekend? 

Scene changes to Daria's dorm room. 

DARIA (Hesitantly):  Mmm...I dunno. 

Scene changes to Jane's dorm room. 

DARIA (Over the Phone):  Why, what did you have in mind? 

JANE:  There's a new coffeehouse opening up here on campus Saturday.  It's a pretty big
deal here. 

Scene changes to Daria's dorm room. 

JANE (Over the Phone):  Coffee's gonna be half price the whole day. 

DARIA:  Why would I want to drive one hour over to Dale University just to look at a new
coffeehouse?  I can get a cup of cappuccino almost anywhere here. 

Scene changes to Jane's dorm room.  Jane is smiling. 

JANE:  Trent's gonna be there. 

Scene changes to Daria's dorm room.  Daria's head pops up.  Scene changes to Jane's
dorm room.  Jane is still smiling. 

JANE:  He and Jess got Mystik Spiral to play at their grand opening. 

DARIA (Over the Phone):  What time do you want me to pick you up? 

Fade in from Jane's dorm room to an aerial shot of Café Expresionismo.  The beginning to
the song "Behind My Eyelids" is being sung by Trent.  It is late afternoon.  There is a big
"Grand Opening" banner draped underneath the building's sign.  Zoom in on the front door
from outside the building.  Fade in from that shot to the same door from the inside.  Pan
from door to Daria and Jane sitting at a table.  Both are smiling as they watch Mystik Spiral
perform up on stage.  Shot switches from Trent singing...to Jesse playing guitar...to
Nicholas playing bass...to Max playing drums...back to Trent singing again. 

TRENT (Singing):  As lashes close / I see my woes / Spread out like a carpet of bugs / In
absence of light / Pass visions of night / And shallow graves left halfway dug 

Shot changes to Jesse playing guitar.  He has an expressionless look on his face, as
always.  Shot changes to Jane and Daria's table.  Jane winks at Jesse and he smiles a
little.  Daria looks at Jane. 

DARIA:  Don't you two ever quit?  How long have you and Jesse been going out anyway? 

JANE:  Three years.  We've been sleeping together since I was four. 

Shot changes to Trent singing up on stage. 

TRENT (Singing):  Behind my eyelids / Is a world you cannot see / A place that's just for me
/ Behind my eyelids 

Trent winks at Daria.  Shot changes to Jane and Daria's table.  Daria smiles.  Jane smirks
at Daria.  Daria turns to Jane and stops smiling. 

DARIA (Coldly):  I hate you. 

JANE:  At least Jesse and I are honest.  How long have you and Trent been playing this
game of yours. 

Daria's eyes shift from side to side. 

DARIA:  Uh, what game? 

Jane rolls her eyes. 

JANE:  The closest I've ever seen you two admit that you actually like each other was our
senior prom.  The two of you danced to Marilyn Manson's "Sweet Dreams". 

Mystik Spiral finishes the song "Behind My Eyelids" in the background.  Daria lowers her
eyebrows in scorn. 

DARIA:  At least I don't go around parading my affections to everyone else like a sideshow
circus act. 

Shot changes to Trent up on stage. 

TRENT:  Thank you.  I'd like to dedicate this next song to my sister Janey and her friend
Daria sitting out there in the audience. 

Shot changes to Jane and Daria's table.  Daria's head pops up.  Shot changes to Trent up
on stage. 

TRENT:  Daria drove all the way from Middleton College just to see us perform.  I guess the
least I could do for her is to play a song.  This one's called "Ice Box Woman". 

Shot changes to Jane and Daria's table.  Daria blushes.  Mystik Spiral begins playing the
song "Ice Box Woman" in the background.  Daria looks around from side to side.  Pan
from Daria to Jane.  Jane starts humming a circus theme. 

JANE (Humming):  Dum dum da da da da dum dum da da. 

Shot changes to Trent up on stage. 

TRENT (Singing):  You're an angel in black, and you sure have a knack / For putting my
heart on the shelf in the back / I'm waiting my turn, oh, when will I learn? / My poor heart,
you're giving it freezer burn 

Shot changes to Jane and Daria's table.  Jane takes a sip of coffee from her mug.  Andrea
walks up from behind and sits next to Jane.  Andrea is holding a coffee mug of her own. 

ANDREA:  Daria? 

Daria turns and sees Andrea. 

DARIA:  Hey.  Andrea.  Long time no see. 

ANDREA:  Yeah.  What are you doing here? 

DARIA:  Well, I... 

Jane turns to Andrea. 

JANE (Jumping In):  Daria drove all the way from Middleton just to see my brother's... 

Daria glares at Jane.  She quickly steps on Jane's foot underneath the table. 

JANE (In Pain):  Owch! 

Jane shoots Daria a cold stare. 

DARIA:  Actually, I'm here doing research for the government on a new caffeine
substitute...your coffeehouse was chosen as a test site for the new additive.  Trauma
teams are standing by outside the building...just in case. 

Andrea looks down at her coffee mug.  Jane turns to Andrea. 

JANE:  Sooo, Andrea.  Are you going to be reading a poem for the grand opening tonight?

ANDREA:  No, my creative inspiration is all shot...my boyfriend and I have actually been
getting along. 

DARIA (Surprised):  You have a boyfriend? 

ANDREA:  Yeah.  I met him at one of the local clubs here in town.  His name is Lonn.  He's
pretty cool.  He agrees with my view that bras were created by men to intentionally and
artificially enhance a woman's figure... 

Jane and Daria look at each other.  Andrea's eyes narrow. 

ANDREA (Continuing):  ...as if our bodies were made for the sole purpose of satisfying the
innate male preoccupation with sex. 

Andrea looks upward, thinking. 

ANDREA:  Then again, he wears them whenever we go out clubbing, so... 

Jane turns to Daria. 

JANE:  Sooo, Daria, how was your tour of UCLA last week?  Got any stories of sex,
murder, and intrigue to share with us from the city of angels? 

Daria looks upward, thinking. 

DARIA:  Well...I did run into Axl Rose on the street the other day. 

Jane and Andrea's eyes widen. 

JANE:  No kidding? 

DARIA:  Yeah.  He was asking for directions to the unemployment office. 

Shot changes to an aerial view of the interior of the coffeehouse with people sitting down at
tables and walking around.  Fade in from that shot to the same shot an hour later.  Mystik
Spiral are just finishing up their set.  Shot changes to Trent up on stage. 

TRENT:  Thank you for coming to the grand opening of Café Expresionismo.  We're Mystic
Spiral.  Be sure to pick up a copy of our new demo tape available at the counter, and
check us out tomorrow night at McGrundy's Pub on 18 Main Street in Lawndale.  Hope to
see you there.  Peace! 

Mystik Spiral finishes their set with a kick.  People in the coffeehouse applaud.  Shot
changes to Jane, Daria, and Andrea's table.  Everyone is clapping. 

ANDREA:  Your boyfriend's pretty cool. 

Jane turns to Andrea and smiles. 

JANE:  Thanks.  Jesse may look a little spacey, but between those adorable ears of his
lies the spirit and the imagination of a twelve year old... 

Jane looks upward, thinking. 

JANE (Continuing):  ...not that I'm calling him childish or anything. 

Andrea turns to Jane. 

ANDREA:  Actually, I was talking to Daria. 

Jane turns to Daria.  Daria lowers her eyebrows. 

DARIA:  Trent is not my... 

Trent approaches the table. 

TRENT:  Hey guys. 

Daria silences herself and looks around from side to side. 

JANE:  Yo!  Trent!  Cool gig. 

TRENT:  Thanks. 

Trent turns to Daria. 

TRENT:  Hey Daria. 

DARIA (Thinking):  Say hello.  Say hello. 

Pan from Daria to Jane.  Jane is giving Daria a stern look. 

JANE (Thinking):  Say hello, you idiot. 

DARIA (Nervously):  Uh, hello. 

Jane rolls her eyes and sighs. 

JANE:  Trent, you remember Andrea from graduation? 

Andrea smiles at Trent. 

ANDREA:  Hi. 

Trent turns to Andrea. 

TRENT:  Oh, yeah.  Hi. 

Trent sits down next to Andrea. 

ANDREA:  Your band is pretty cool. 

TRENT:  Thanks.  I'm glad you came to our show. 

Daria looks at Trent, then at Andrea, then at Trent again. 

ANDREA:  Hey, it beats staying home, watching TV. 

Trent laughs.  Jane looks at Daria, then rolls her eyes. 

JANE:  Sooo, Trent, you guys need help packing your gear? 

TRENT:  That's okay.  We have roadies now. 

Jane raises her eyebrows. 

JANE:  Where did you find roadies? 

TRENT:  Jesse and I picked up these two guys after a gig in Highland.  They were sitting
on a curb in front of a Kwik Mart.  They looked pretty desperate for work. 

Daria's head pops up and her eyes widen.  A quick guitar chord from the intro of the song
"...And Justice For All" by Metallica is heard then stops. 

JANE:  How are you paying them? 

Jane gives Trent a stern look. 

JANE:  You guys aren't exactly platinum material yet. 

TRENT:  They're pretty cheap.  They work for nachos. 

Two quick guitar chords from the intro of the song "...And Justice For All" by Metallica is
heard then stops.  The sound of cymbals and drums falling over is heard up on stage. 
Everyone at the table turns their head to the stage except for Daria. 

VOICE (In the Distance):  Hey!  Watch out for those drums! 

Daria turns to Trent. 

DARIA:  Uh, did you say you picked them up in...Highland? 

Three quick guitar chords from the intro of the song "...And Justice For All" by Metallica is
heard then stops. 

VOICE (In the Distance, Laughing a Very, Very Familiar Laugh):  Umm...heh.  Sorry about
that.  Mmm, heh heh. 

Jane turns to Daria, both eyebrows raised. 

JANE:  Daria, didn't you used to live in Highland? 

Four quick guitar chords from the intro of the song "...And Justice For All" by Metallica is
heard then stops. 

VOICE (In the Distance):  Hey!  My axe!  My axe! 

The sound of a poorly played guitar chord is heard up on stage.  Jane turns her head to the
stage. 

VOICE (In the Distance):  Stop playing with my axe! 

VOICE (In the Distance, Laughing Another Very Familiar Laugh):  Uh, huh huh.  Uh, huh huh
huh.  You said ass. 

Daria slaps her forehead.  The bridge from the intro to the song "...And Justice For All" by
Metallica is heard then stops. 

DARIA:  No!  It couldn't be!  It can't! 

Shot changes to the stage where Jesse and Butthead are fighting over Jesse's guitar.  The
rest of the intro to the song "...And Justice For All" by Metallica is heard then fades out. 

BUTTHEAD:  Ugh!  Cut it out, fartknocker!  Ugh!  Ugh! 

JESSE:  Let go of my guitar you idiot! 

BUTTHEAD:  No way, buttmunch!  Uh, huh huh.  Ugh! 

Beavis is sitting behind the drum kit banging away at it with reckless abandon.  His head is
a blur, shaking from side to side at lightning fast speed, appearing to undergo convulsions.

BEAVIS:  WOO-AAAHHH!  Yeah!  Yeah!  Mmm, heh heh.  DIE! DIE! YOUMUSTALLDIE! 
Mmm, heh heh.  That was pretty cool. 

Shot changes to Daria.  She covers her eyes and lowers her head into the table. 

DARIA (Nauseous):  Ooohhh... 

Trent turns to Daria. 

TRENT:  Hey Daria, you all right? 

Daria lifts her head up only an inch from the table, her hands folded over her head.  Jane
and Andrea look at each other. 

TRENT:  You don't look so good. 

The sound of a butt being kicked is heard in the background, followed by the crash of a
cymbal and the thump of a bass drum. 

BEAVIS (In the Distance):  AAAAAA!!! 

Everyone but Daria turns to look.  Shot changes to the stage floor where Beavis is belly
down rubbing his butt.  Max the drummer looms over him with a mean look on his face. 

BEAVIS:  Mmm, heh.  Umm...okay.  Mmm, heh heh.  Yeah. 

Pan from Beavis to Jesse and Butthead who are still fighting over Jesse's guitar.  Butthead
turns to laugh at Beavis.  Jesse takes the opportunity to yank his guitar out of Butthead's
hands. 

BUTTHEAD (Falling):  UUUHHH!!! 

Butthead lands next to Beavis on the stage floor.  Their heads bump. 

BEAVIS:  Ow!  Mmm, heh heh. 

BUTTHEAD:  Ugh!  Uh.  Uh, huh huh.  I rocked.  Uh, huh huh.  Uh, huh huh huh. 

BEAVIS:  Mmm, heh.  Yeah.  Me too.  Mmm, heh.  Mmm, heh heh. 

Shot changes to Beavis's perspective.  He spots Daria in the audience.  Daria cowers in a
vain attempt to hide herself. 

BEAVIS (Surprised):  Whoa!  Hey, Butthead, check it out!  Mmm, heh heh. 

Shot changes to Butthead's perspective.  He sees Trent get up and walk over to Daria. 

BUTTHEAD:  Whoa!  Uh, huh huh.  It's...umm.  Uh.  Uh, huh huh. 

BEAVIS (Excited):  It's Diarrhea!  Mmm, heh heh.  Diarrhea! 

Shot changes to Daria.  She looks up at the sky for mercy, then lowers her head back into
the table again.  Jane and Andrea look at Daria.  Trent appears behind Daria.  Shot
changes to Butthead up on stage. 

BUTTHEAD:  Uh.  Oh yeah.  Uh, huh huh. 

Shot changes to Daria.  Trent puts his hand on her shoulder.  Daria looks up. 

TRENT:  C'mon.  Let's get some air. 

Trent puts his arm under Daria's shoulder and helps her to her feet.  They exit the
coffeehouse.  Shot changes to Beavis and Butthead up on stage. 

BEAVIS AND BUTTHEAD (Together, Chanting):  Diarrhea, cha cha cha!  Diarrhea, cha
cha cha! 

Shot changes to Jane and Andrea.  The two turn to look at each other.  Beavis and
Butthead are still chanting. 

BEAVIS AND BUTTHEAD (Together, Chanting, In the Distance):  Diarrhea, cha cha cha! 
Diarrhea, cha cha cha! 

Shot changes to Beavis and Butthead up on stage.  They are still chanting when two sets of
feet appear behind them. 

BEAVIS AND BUTTHEAD (Together, Chanting):  Diarrhea, cha cha cha! 
Diarrhe...UUUGGGHHH!!! 

Two sets of hands drag them off to the side.  Shot changes to an aerial view of the interior
of the coffeehouse with the shapes of Beavis and Butthead vaguely visible up on stage. 
Their laughter is faintly heard along with the ending to the song "...And Justice For All" by
Metallica.  The song and their laughter start to fade out as the scene itself fades to an
aerial shot of the exterior of the coffeehouse.  It is early evening.  The image of Trent and
Daria sitting on a bench with Trent's arm around a crouching Daria is vaguely
distinguishable.  Zoom in on Trent and Daria. 

DARIA:  I don't believe it. 

TRENT:  You actually know those guys? 

Daria sits up straight and turns to Trent.  Trent's hand falls from her shoulder. 

DARIA:  Yeah, I used to go to school with them back in Highland...I never thought I'd actually
see them again in my life. 

Trent looks back to the coffeehouse. 

TRENT:  Hmm.  Let me guess.  Class clowns? 

DARIA:  More like class idiots. 

Trent turns back to Daria and smiles at her remark. 

DARIA:  They made my life a living hell back in Highland... 

Daria looks upward, thinking. 

DARIA (Continuing):  ...not that my life here in Lawndale was any less hellish. 

Trent laughs. 

TRENT:  I'm sure you must've had your moments. 

DARIA:  Too many.  I'm still having nightmares about turning into my sister Quinn. 

Trent looks upward, thinking. 

TRENT:  Hey.  Remember the time you, me, Jess, and Janey all went to Alternapalooza? 

Daria looks upward, thinking. 

DARIA:  I remember we never made it to the concert... 

Trent looks at Daria and smiles.  Daria looks at Trent, then looks upward again. 

DARIA (Continuing):  ...and I remember bumping my head, sitting on an ancient sandwich...

Trent looks upward, thinking. 

DARIA (Continuing):  ...getting stung by a bee, breaking my glasses... 

TRENT (Jumping In):  ...peeing in the woods... 

Trent and Daria look at each other.  They both start laughing at the same time.  Trent
smiles at Daria.  Daria smiles back at him.  There is an awkward moment of silence. 

TRENT:  I'm glad we never made it to Alternapalooza. 

Trent looks upward, thinking. 

TRENT:  You know, if it wasn't for what you said that day...umm. 

DARIA:  What?  That it takes a lot of guts to go after your dream? 

Trent looks at Daria and smiles. 

TRENT:  Yeah.  "And even if it doesn't work out, at least for now you're doing exactly what
you want to." 

DARIA:  And a lot of people never even get that far. 

Trent smiles. 

TRENT (Softly):  Yeah. 

Daria smiles.  Trent looks upward, thinking. 

TRENT:  You know, if it wasn't for what you said that day, Daria, I would've probably
stopped following my dream. 

DARIA (Softly):  Trent... 

Trent turns to Daria.  Daria looks at Trent.  There is another awkward moment of silence. 
Scene changes to Jane and Andrea's table inside the coffeehouse.  Both are looking
towards the stage. 

JESSE (In the Distance):  Hey!  Watch out! 

The crash of a guitar cabinet falling over is heard, followed by the sound of a bass string
snapping.  Jane and Andrea both cringe. 

BUTTHEAD (In the Distance):  Uh, okay.  Uh, huh huh.  Uh, huh huh. 

Jane and Andrea look at each other.  Jesse is heard sighing in the distance.  Jane turns to
the stage. 

BEAVIS (In the Distance):  Umm.  Sorry about that.  Mmm, heh heh. 

Jane lowers her eyebrows. 

JANE:  Boooy, Trent's really outdone himself this time. 

Andrea turns to Jane. 

ANDREA:  You know, if they were any more stupid, they'd have their own show on TV. 

Jane turns to Andrea and smiles.  They both lift their coffee mugs up and click them
together in a toast.  Andrea takes a sip from her mug then rises from her seat. 

ANDREA:  I better get going now. 

Jane raises her eyebrows. 

JANE:  Are you sure? 

ANDREA:  Yeah, I've got a killer paper on H.P. Lovecraft due Monday...and I haven't even
started on it yet. 

Jane lowers her eyebrows. 

JANE:  Bummer.  See you in class then? 

ANDREA:  Yeah, I'll talk to you later, Jane. 

Jane lifts her coffee mug up to Andrea. 

JANE:  Adios. 

Andrea turns and leaves.  Jesse approaches the table. 

JESSE:  Hey! 

Jane turns to Jesse and smiles. 

JANE:  Jesseee! 

Jane stands up and hugs Jesse. 

JANE:  I was beginning to think you forgot about me. 

JESSE:  How could I?  I got something for you. 

Jane raises her eyebrows.  Jesse looks around from side to side. 

JESSE:  Hey, where's Trent? 

JANE:  He's outside with Daria.  She needed some fresh air. 

Jane winks at Jesse.  Jesse smiles back. 

JESSE:  You think he's told her yet? 

Jane raises her eyebrows.  She shrugs. 

BUTTHEAD (In the Distance):  UUUHHH!!!  Dammit, Beavis.  He said drumstick, dillhole. 
Now shove that back in your pants and pick this up. 

BEAVIS (In the Distance):  Ohhh yeah!  Mmm, heh heh.  Umm...okay. 

Another crash is heard up on stage. 

BEAVIS (In the Distance):  AAAAAA!!! 

BUTTHEAD (In the Distance):  Uh, huh huh.  Uh, huh huh huh.  Dumbass. 

Jane and Jesse look at each other, both shaking their heads.  Scene changes to Trent and
Daria's bench outside the coffeehouse. 

TRENT (Excitedly):  Hey Daria, guess what. 

DARIA:  What? 

TRENT:  Jesse and I got a record deal with Polygraph Records in Los Angeles. 

Daria's eyes widen. 

DARIA:  Really?  You're kidding. 

TRENT:  No, I'm not. 

Trent looks upward, thinking. 

TRENT:  At first Jesse and I weren't too sure about it, you know, the whole corporate rock
idea? 

Trent looks at Daria and smiles. 

TRENT:  But at least now I'll be able to move out of my parent's basement! 

DARIA:  You're moving? 

TRENT:  Yeah.  Jesse and I decided it'd be best for the band to relocate to Los Angeles. 

Trent looks upward, thinking. 

TRENT:  We'd be close to the studio.  Plus we figured the problem with most bands selling
out today is that they don't suffer enough for their music. 

Trent turns to Daria, eyes narrowed. 

TRENT:  What better place to suffer than in LA? 

Trent shivers.  Daria's eyes shift from side to side. 

DARIA:  Uh, have you found a place to stay yet? 

TRENT:  Nope.  Jesse and I are gonna be looking at apartments on Monday. 

Trent looks upward, thinks for a second, then turns to Daria. 

TRENT:  Hey, Janey tells me you might be transferring to UCLA. 

DARIA (Hesitantly):  Umm...yeah. 

Trent smiles. 

TRENT:  Cool.  I guess that means we'll probably be seeing a lot of each other then. 

Daria looks at Trent. 

TRENT:  Well, uh, only if you want to that is. 

Trent looks off to his side. 

DARIA:  Umm...does Jane know you're moving to LA? 

Trent looks at Daria. 

TRENT:  Well, yeah.  She was one of the first people I talked to about it. 

Daria looks upward, sternly. 

DARIA (Thinking):  I'm going to kill her. 

Daria turns back to Trent, immediately dropping her look.  Trent raises an eyebrow.  Daria
smiles quickly at him.  Trent smiles back at her.  Daria looks down. 

TRENT:  Hey Daria. 

Daria looks up at Trent. 

TRENT:  Do you remember your senior prom? 

Daria blushes. 

DARIA:  Uh, yeah? 

Trent raises an eyebrow. 

TRENT:  "Sweet Dreams"? 

Daria blushes redder. 

DARIA:  Yeah...? 

Trent's eyes shift from side to side. 

TRENT:  Bet you never told Janey about that kiss I slipped you afterwards, huh? 

Daria blushes even redder.  Trent cringes and laughs. 

TRENT:  What were you thinking about back then? 

DARIA (Thinking):  I wanted to slap you. 

DARIA:  I wanted to slap you. 

Trent's eyes widen.  Daria's eyes also widen, in shock. 

DARIA (Thinking):  Did I actually say that? 

TRENT:  You wanted to slap me? 

Daria is now visibly sweating. 

DARIA (Thinking):  Yup, I said it all right. 

DARIA (Nervously):  Umm... 

TRENT:  What stopped you? 

DARIA (Nervously):  I...I don't know...Uh. 

TRENT (Softly):  Daria... 

Trent takes Daria's hand.  Daria looks down at their hands touching. 

TRENT:  You know, with all the girls I meet nowadays...I still can't think of anyone I'd rather
spend my time with more than you.  None of them have your witty sense of humor...your
ability to totally turn my day around with a single word... 

Daria looks up.  Trent narrows his eyes. 

TRENT (Continuing):  ...and none of them seem to care about me farther than I can play my
instrument. 

Daria stares at Trent.  Trent looks upward, thinking.  He then realizes how bad his
statement just sounded.  He smiles. 

TRENT:  My guitar. 

Daria smiles back. 

TRENT (Softly):  Daria, you're really special to me... 

DARIA (Softly):  Trent...I... 

Trent leans over and plants a kiss on Daria's lips.  Daria is in an utter state of disbelief. 
She responds with the first thing that comes to her mind.  She slaps him. 

TRENT (In Pain):  Owch! 

Trent looks at Daria, rubbing his face.  Daria stares back, mouth agape.  Trent stands up. 
His eyes narrow, shooting Daria a cold, disdainful stare.  Daria looks up at Trent, her eyes
starting to water. 

TRENT (Coldly):  I think I better leave. 

Trent turns and walks back into the coffeehouse.  Daria stands up. 

DARIA:  Trent! 

Daria watches him walk away from her but does not follow him back into the coffeehouse. 
The intro to the song "Live And Let Die" by Guns 'n Roses is heard then fades out. 
Incremental zoom out from Daria standing alone to an aerial shot of the exterior of the
coffeehouse.  It is clearly night.  Scene changes to a close up of Jane's hand.  Jesse slips
a gold bracelet over Jane's wrist.  Shot changes to a view of Jane sitting in Jesse's lap on
the edge of the stage.  Jane is staring at her bracelet while Jesse has his arms wrapped
around her waist.  In the background, Beavis and Butthead are seen lugging musical
equipment around...their trademark laughs are clearly audible. 

JANE (Surprised):  Jess!  How much did this cost? 

JESSE:  It's all right.  I used part of the money the record company gave us in advance.  Do
you like it? 

Jesse holds up Jane's hand and slips the bracelet off. 

JESSE:  Read the inscription. 

Jane looks at the inscription on the inside of the bracelet.  The inscription reads:  "Jane,
Your the Best, Love Jess!"  Jane whimpers. 

JANE (Shaky Voice):  You shouldn't have! 

Jesse holds up Jane's hand again and slips the bracelet back on.  Jane smiles, eyebrows
raised. 

JANE:  Besides, "Your" should be spelled "Y-O-U-apostrophe-R-E". 

Jesse looks upward, thinking.  He then looks at Jane, blankly. 

JESSE:  Are you saying you don't like it? 

Jane stands up, turns around, and kisses Jesse on the forehead, wrapping her arms
around his neck. 

JANE (Low Voice):  I'm saying I love it!  "L-O-V-E", love it! 

Jesse looks upward, thinking. 

JESSE:  "Y-O-U-apostrophe-R"...uh? 

JANE (Rolling Her R's Sexily with Her Tongue):  Rrrrr...! 

Jane and Jesse fall backwards on to the stage. 

BUTTHEAD (In the Distance):  Whoa!  Uh, huh huh.  Hey, Beavis.  Check it out.  Uh, huh
huh huh. 

Shot changes to Trent walking into the coffeehouse, a stern look on his face.  He looks
from side to side and spots Jesse and his sister making out on the edge of the stage. 

BEAVIS (In the Distance):  Mmm, yeah, yeah!  Heh heh.  Slip her the tongue!  Slip her the
tongue! 

Trent walks up to his sister and Jesse.  Jesse sees Trent and immediately props himself
and Jane back up.  Jane has a frown on her face, turns and sees Trent, then immediately
smiles.  Trent shoots them both cold stares. 

JANE:  Yo!  Trent! 

Trent grabs Jesse by the arm, pulling him away from his sister. 

JESSE:  Ugh! 

Jane's eyes widen. 

JANE (Surprised):  Trent? 

Trent turns to his sister and shoots him another cold stare.  He then turns to Jesse. 

TRENT (Sternly):  C'mon...we're going. 

Trent drags Jesse off.  Jane smiles weakly and waves goodbye to Jesse.  Jane hangs her
head down and sighs.  Then, abruptly, her head pops up and her eyes widen.  Quick zoom
in on Jane's face. 

JANE:  Daria! 

Shot changes to a view of the stage.  Trent and Jesse are giving Beavis and Butthead evil
glares. 

JESSE (Sternly):  You guys better have our gear packed up in the next five minutes. 

Butthead turns to Beavis. 

BUTTHEAD:  Uh, huh huh.  Uh, huh huh.  They think we're cool.  Uh, huh huh. 

Beavis turns to Butthead. 

BEAVIS:  Mmm, yeah!  Yeah!  Heh heh.  We rule!  Mmm, heh heh.  Mmm, heh heh. 

BUTTHEAD:  Uh, huh huh.  Uh, huh huh.  Uh, huh huh huh. 

BEAVIS:  Mmm, heh.  Yeah.  Mmm, heh heh.  Mmm, heh heh. 

The Beavis and Butthead episode-ending guitar riff is heard.  Trent and Jesse look
upward, both with eyebrows raised. 

JESSE:  Whoa... 

TRENT:  Cool riff... 

Trent and Jesse look at each other.  Shot changes to Jane walking out of the coffeehouse,
a stern look on her face.  The chorus to the song "Love Hurts" by Nazareth is heard softly. 
Jane hears someone crying and turns her head to it.  She sees Daria sitting down on a
bench, head in her hands, sobbing like she has never seen her before.  Jane's eyes widen,
her eyebrows raise. 

JANE (Concerned):  Daria!  Oh my god. 

Jane walks over to Daria and sits next to her.  Daria looks up at Jane.  Her glasses are off
and her face is streaked with tears. 

JANE (Concerned):  Daria, are you all right? 

Daria's lips flutter and she bursts into tears again.  The guitar solo to the song "Love Hurts"
by Nazareth is heard in full volume.  She falls into Jane's arms.  Jane embraces her.  She
looks from side to side, then buries her head into Daria's shoulder, patting her friend on the
back.  Shot changes to a view of Daria's glasses on the bench.  Fade in from that shot to
an identical view of Daria's glasses atop Jane's bed.  The guitar solo to the song "Love
Hurts" by Nazareth begins to fade out.  Jane picks up Daria's glasses and beings to polish
their lenses.  Daria is lying on Jane's bed, face down, still crying.  From the view outside
Jane's window it is late at night. 

JANE:  So, explain to me again why you decked him? 

Daria lifts her head up. 

DARIA (Sobbing):  I don't know! 

Jane hands Daria her glasses.  Daria sits herself up on the edge of Jane's bed.  She
wipes her face and puts on her glasses.  Jane hands Daria a tissue. 

JANE:  Blow. 

Daria blows her nose.  Jane sits down next to her on her bed. 

DARIA (Sobbing):  What am I going to do, Jane?  He probably hates me by now. 

JANE:  He doesn't hate you.  Remember I told you a long time ago, if there's one thing
about my brother it's that he's oblivious? 

DARIA (Calmer):  Yeah? 

Jane looks upward, thinking. 

JANE:  Well...that really doesn't apply if you smack him upside the head... 

Jane turns to Daria and smiles. 

JANE (Continuing):  ...but I'm still sure he doesn't hate you! 

Daria lowers her face into her hands.  Jane stops smiling and sighs, a concerned look on
her face. 

JANE:  I can tell this is going to take a while. 

Daria lifts up her head. 

DARIA:  I don't know why I smacked him.  I mean.  He did kiss me and all.  But it's not like it
was an unwelcomed gesture.  He didn't force it upon me or anything. 

JANE:  Uh huh. 

DARIA:  I just don't know. 

Jane smiles, eyebrows raised. 

JANE:  Did he slip you the tongue? 

DARIA (Whining):  JAAAAANE!!! 

Jane stops smiling.  Daria turns to Jane. 

DARIA:  You've had a lot more experience with relationships.  What am I going to do? 
Help me out here.  I'm dying. 

Jane sighs. 

JANE:  First of all, be honest with yourself...and to me.  Do you like my brother or not? 

Daria thinks for a moment. 

DARIA:  Well, I... 

Jane gives Daria a stern look. 

JANE (Jumping In):  And I don't want to hear that standard Daria runaround answer I've
been so accustomed to hearing you say for the last four years. 

Daria looks at Jane. 

JANE:  I want it to come from that little voice inside your head that no one else hears but
you.  Reach down deep, girl!  Do you like him or not? 

DARIA (Thinking):  But... 

JANE (Jumping In, Thinking):  Nope. 

DARIA (Thinking):  But I... 

JANE (Jumping In, Thinking):  I want to hear it. 

DARIA (Thinking):  But Jane... 

JANE (Jumping In, Thinking):  I'm not accepting that answer. 

DARIA (Thinking):  Jane, I... 

JANE (Jumping In, Thinking):  Dammit, girl.  Spit it out, spit it out! 

Daria sighs. 

DARIA (Softly):  Yes. 

Daria looks at Jane. 

DARIA:  I do like him. 

Jane shakes her head. 

JANE (Thinking):  Oh, n-n-no...you can do better than that. 

DARIA:  Trent's different. 

Daria looks away, deep in thought. 

DARIA:  He's not like any other guy I've ever known. 

Jane nods. 

JANE (Thinking):  Gooood, go on. 

DARIA:  He's not bound by the rules of conventional society and he's not afraid to be his
own person.  When he sees something he wants he goes for it.  He doesn't ignore me like
everyone else does.  He actually listens to what I have to say.  And he's always been there
for me. 

Jane smiles. 

DARIA:  He's the sweetest guy I know. 

Daria turns to Jane. 

DARIA:  Jane... 

Jane lowers her eyebrows. 

JANE (Thinking):  Say it, say it. 

DARIA (Continuing, Softly):  ...I love him. 

Jane smiles.  The intro to the song "Sometimes She Cries" by Warrant is heard. 

JANE (Thinking):  Gooood girl! 

Daria looks away, deep in thought. 

JANE:  There now...wasn't that therapeutic? 

Daria looks at Jane. 

JANE:  Don't you feel better coming clean? 

DARIA:  I guess so.  But I never thought I'd actually hear myself say those words, though. 

JANE:  Well, I heard it...and I'm glad you did! 

Daria smiles. 

JANE (Thinking):  I'm really proud of you, kiddo. 

DARIA (Thinking):  Thanks, I needed that. 

The song "Sometimes She Cries" abruptly stops.  Jane and Daria look at each other. 
Their eyebrows pop up at the same time. 

DARIA:  Ever get the feeling you've just been invaded by the Psychic Friends Network? 

JANE:  I was thinking the exact same thing. 

Jane and Daria look at each other.  They both begin looking from side to side.  Fade in
from that shot to a view of the moon in the night sky.  Crickets can be heard in the
background.  Pan from moon to Jane and Daria in parking lot below.  Daria is standing
next to her car, a very plain looking sedan. 

JANE:  You remember where we used to live? 

DARIA:  How could I forget?  You're only a couple of blocks away from my parent's place. 

JANE:  Just asking.  Trent should be busy packing his things, if he's not crashed out in the
basement by now. 

Daria turns to Jane. 

DARIA:  Thanks for your help, Jane.  I really appreciated it. 

JANE:  No problem.  I'll just send you my bill in the morning. 

Daria smiles. 

DARIA:  And I thought I was going to be the psychologist. 

Jane shrugs. 

DARIA:  Nyah.  Relationship counseling is an art.  I'm an artist, remember? 

Jane smiles.  Daria smiles back.  The two look at each other for an awkward moment, both
with weak eyes.  Finally, the two comrades embrace one another.  The intro to the song
"Brick" by Ben Folds Five is heard. 

JANE (Softly):  Good luck, kiddo. 

Daria shuts her eyes and hugs her friend tightly. 

DARIA (Softly):  Thanks. 

The two let go. 

DARIA:  I got a lot of time to make up for. 

Jane raises her eyebrows. 

JANE:  What do you mean?  It's only a fifteen-minute drive to my place. 

Daria gets into her car.  She smiles to Jane. 

DARIA:  That's not what I meant. 

Jane smiles at Daria.  Daria backs her car out of the parking stall.  She turns her car
around and is about to enter the street.  A blue moped stops for her.  Daria waves her hand
to the driver of the moped and then proceeds.  The moped pulls into the parking lot and
stops right in front of Jane.  The driver of the moped takes off her helmet and reveals
herself to be Jodie. 

JODIE:  Hey Jane. 

JANE:  Jodieee!  What's up? 

Jodie turns to the street. 

JODIE:  Was that Daria? 

JANE:  Yup. 

Jodie turns to Jane. 

JODIE:  Wow, I haven't seen her in ages.  What was she doing here? 

JANE:  Just shooting the breeze. 

Jodie turns to the street. 

JODIE:  I wish I could've said hello. 

JANE:  Nyah, she couldn't stay long. 

JODIE:  Where she headed to now? 

Jane smiles, eyebrows raised. 

JANE:  Home. 

JODIE:  Oh. 

Jodie turns to Jane. 

JODIE:  Say, do you want to go a party next weekend? 

Jane raises her eyebrows. 

JANE:  Why?  What's the occasion? 

JODIE:  One of my friends at work is getting married. 

Jane narrows her eyes, seemingly uninterested. 

JANE:  Why would I want to go to some stupid bachelorette party? 

Jodie smiles. 

JODIE (Whispering):  All the girls at work are chipping in and hiring her a stripper! 

Jane smiles. 

JANE:  We're there! 

Scene changes to a street level shot of Jane's old house on 111 Howard Drive.  The intro
to the song "Hotel California" by The Eagles is heard.  Zoom in on Daria standing at the
front door.  She is about to ring the doorbell when the door opens all by itself.  She peeks
into the doorway but doesn't see anybody.  Shrugging to herself, Daria enters the house
and closes the door behind her.  Shot changes to Daria walking down the steps to Trent's
basement.  The basement is almost bare.  She sees Trent sprawled out on the floor with
his guitar still in his arms.  There are numerous large boxes scattered around him.  Daria
reaches down to touch Trent but draws her hand back.  She sighs.  Daria sits down next to
Trent, propping herself up against a box.  She falls asleep.  Fade in from that shot to the
same shot several hours later.  The song "Hotel California" fades out.  Daria is mumbling in
her sleep.  Trent begins to shake her. 

TRENT:  Daria!  Daria!  Wake up! 

Daria's eyes are still closed. 

DARIA (Mumbling):  Mmm...no, freezing. 

Daria's eyes begin to flutter. 

DARIA (Mumbling):  No!  Trent...Trent! 

TRENT:  I'm here, Daria... 

Daria's eyes pop open.  She gasps.  Trent backs away from her. 

DARIA (Calmer):  Trent? 

Trent smiles. 

TRENT:  That's me. 

Daria looks around. 

DARIA:  What happened? 

TRENT:  I think you had a nightmare. 

DARIA:  What am I doing here? 

Trent shrugs. 

TRENT:  I dunno.  You tell me. 

Daria looks around again.  Trent looks off to his side. 

TRENT:  Must've forgotten to lock the front door. 

Daria looks at Trent. 

DARIA:  Uh, what time is it? 

Trent sniffs.  He looks at his wrist, pulls some wrist bands out of the way, and checks the
time on his watch. 

TRENT:  Ugh, seven thirty in the morning. 

Daria stares at Trent. 

DARIA:  And you're up? 

Trent begins to laugh, then starts to cough.  He smiles and shrugs. 

TRENT:  Guess I had a bad dream too. 

Trent stops smiling and looks down.  Daria looks at Trent, concerned. 

DARIA:  What was your dream about? 

Trent sighs. 

TRENT:  I dreamt...well...I dreamt that I was up on stage with Mystik Spiral at the Los
Angeles Coliseum.  We were the opening act for some major concert tour.  I was playing a
song when all of a sudden everyone in the audience started standing up one by one and
laughed... 

Daria's eyebrows lower in sadness. 

TRENT (Continuing):  ...but when I turned around to look at Jesse, Max, and Nick, there
were all gone.  I was the only one up on stage. 

DARIA (Softly):  Trent... 

TRENT:  Well, actually, there was someone else up on stage with me... 

Daria nods at Trent. 

TRENT (Continuing):  ...I dreamt that you were there... 

Daria's eyes widen, a sad look still on her face. 

TRENT (Continuing):  ...you told me that I was a big failure... 

Trent slouches. 

TRENT (Continuing, Softly):  ...and that you hated me... 

DARIA (Jumping In, Softly):  Trent, I don't hate you... 

Trent looks at Daria.  He tries to smile.  Daria looks down. 

DARIA (Continuing):  ...I'm sorry I hit you. 

TRENT:  That's okay.  I was being a jerk, anyway. 

Daria looks up. 

DARIA:  No you weren't. 

Trent stares at Daria. 

DARIA:  I was being a jerk.  The whole night. 

TRENT:  No you weren't. 

DARIA (Forceful):  Yes I was! 

Trent raises his eyebrows in surprise.  Daria looks down. 

DARIA:  It's just... 

Daria pauses for a brief moment, closing her eyes to collect her thoughts.  Trent nods his
head. 

TRENT (Softly):  Yeah? 

Daria looks at Trent.  She sighs, taking a deep breath. 

DARIA:  I've become so good and hiding my true feelings from everyone, sometimes even I
don't know what I'm feeling. 

Trent nods again.  He looks down.  Daria also looks down. 

DARIA:  When people ask me what I'm thinking I usually come back with some witty remark
just to get a rise out of them.  I've been doing that for as long as I can remember. 

Trent rolls his eyes.  Daria looks up at Trent.  Trent quickly smiles to hide his earlier
expression. 

DARIA:  Trent, I'm sorry.  I lied. 

Trent raises his eyebrows in curiosity. 

TRENT:  What do you mean? 

DARIA:  That time you kissed me at my senior prom, I wasn't thinking about slapping you. 

Trent smiles.  Daria looks down. 

DARIA:  Truth is, I enjoyed it.  Immensely.  Infinitely. 

Trent raises an eyebrow. 

TRENT:  Like how you enjoyed it last night? 

Daria looks up at Trent. 

DARIA:  Yeah. 

Daria looks upward, thinking. 

DARIA:  I mean, no! 

Trent stares at Daria. 

DARIA:  What I'm trying to say is... 

Daria looks down. 

DARIA (Continuing):  ...for the longest time, Trent...I mean, ever since the day I first met
you... 

Daria looks up at Trent.  Trent raises an eyebrow. 

DARIA (Continuing, Softly):  ...I love you. 

Trent's eyes widen in shock. 

DARIA (Softly):  I love you, Trent. 

Trent stares at Daria. 

DARIA:  There...I've said it. 

Trent looks off to his side. 

DARIA (Thinking):  And now, I think I'm going to shoot myself. 

TRENT:  Whoa... 

Daria stares nervously at Trent. 

TRENT (Continuing):  ...I never thought I'd actually hear you say those words, Daria. 

Daria continues to stare nervously at Trent.  Trent turns to Daria then looks down. 

DARIA:  I never thought I'd hear myself say those words either. 

Daria also looks down. 

TRENT:  I guess, this shouldn't come as a surprise then... 

Daria looks up. 

TRENT (Softly):  Daria... 

Trent looks up. 

TRENT (Continuing, Softly):  ...I love you too. 

Daria's eyes go weak.  She smiles.  Trent smiles back, his eyes also weak.  Shot changes
to a view of Trent and Daria sitting across from each other.  Trent stands up.  He extends
his hand to Daria and helps her up.  Trent looks down at Daria.  Daria begins to blush. 
Trent blushes in kind.  The chorus to the song "I Think I Love You" by the Partridge Family
crescendos.  The two begin to giggle.  Soon their giggling turns into outright laughter. 
Daria runs into Trent and wraps her arms around him tightly.  Trent responds by lifting
Daria up into the air and spinning her around and around.  Fade in from that shot to an
aerial shot of the exterior of the house.  Incremental zoom out. 

TRENT (Voice Only):  By the way, what were you dreaming about? 

DARIA (Voice Only):  I was trapped in an ice box...but you let me out. 

Trent is heard laughing.  His laughter fades out as the shot fades to a blank screen. 

JANE (Narrating):  Well, well, well!  What do you know?  I guess it had to happen sooner or
later. 

Fade in from blank screen to a street level shot of McGrundy's Pub on 18 Main Street. 
Zoom in on the double front doors from outside the pub.  Shot changes to a view of the
stage.  Trent is at the front of the stage.  In back of him are his band mates in Mystik
Spiral.  In front of him is a microphone.  The sound of people whistling and cheering is
heard in the background.  Zoom in on Trent. 

TRENT:  Okay.  That song was called "Road Worrier" and that was going out to a very
special friend of mine. 

Shot changes to Daria sitting down on a table in front of the stage.  She is wearing a black
leather jacket over a white T-shirt.  Her glasses are gone, replaced by contacts.  She is
also wearing a pair of blue jeans instead of her usual black skirt.  Her hair is also permed
and she has red lipstick on.  Daria is clapping.  Shot changes to Trent up on stage. 

TRENT:  Her name is Daria.  Daria's the reason why I'm up here today.  She once told me
a long time ago to follow my dreams.  Well next week we'll be following our dream to Los
Angeles for our first album on Polygraph records! 

Trent looks upward, thinking. 

TRENT:  We're thinking of calling the album "Helpful Corn" unless we come up with
something better. 

Trent shrugs.  He looks behind him to his other band mates.  Jesse, Nicholas, and Max all
shrug.  Shot changes to Daria.  She is smiling to herself.  Shot changes to Trent up on
stage. 

TRENT:  Anyway, Daria's very special to me.  We've recently, uh... 

Shot changes to Daria.  She is blushing.  Daria's eyes shift from side to side.  Shot
changes to Trent up on stage.  He laughs. 

TRENT (Continuing):  ...well, let's just say we're out of the ice box now.  Right Daria? 

Trent winks at Daria.  Shot changes to Daria.  Daria uncharacteristically winks back at
Trent.  People start cheering in the background. 

JANE (Narrating):  Ick!  Talk about your sideshow circus acts. 

DARIA (Narrating):  Oh, hush! 

Scene changes to a head on shot of Jane riding a black motorcycle with a black helmet
over her head.  Scene changes to a shot of Jesse up on stage whispering something to
Trent. 

TRENT (Listening to Jesse):  Huh?  Oh...cool! 

Jesse smiles and pulls away from Trent.  Trent leans forward into the microphone. 

TRENT:  Hey, we got a request from the band! 

Scene changes to a side view of Jane riding her motorcycle.  Scene changes to a shot of
Trent up on stage looking for someone in the crowd. 

TRENT:  I don't see her in the audience right now, but this next song is going out to my
sister Janey. 

Shot changes to Daria.  She also looks around the pub for Jane.  Shot changes to Trent up
on stage. 

TRENT:  The lyrics were, uh, actually written by our rhythm guitarist. 

Trent looks back at Jesse.  Jesse smiles and raises his eyebrows up and down.  Scene
changes to a rear pavement view of Jane's motorcycle as it passes by.  Scene changes to
a shot of Trent up on stage rolling his eyes.  He then smiles. 

TRENT:  This is called "Jane's Way". 

The lights up on stage turn red.  Trent and Jesse start the song out with some heavy guitar
riffing.  Their drummer Max adds his bass drum into the mix.  Nicholas performs a
downward slide on his bass guitar.  The lights up on stage begin to flash.  Shot changes to
a view of the audience.  Everyone in the pub, including Daria, rises to their feet, cheering
wildly.  Shot changes to Trent singing up on stage. 

TRENT (Singing):  Jane, Jane, Jane / Nothing's quite the same, same, same / Ever since
you came, came, came / Into my life 

Scene changes to an aerial shot of Jane's motorcycle pulling into the driveway of
McGrundy's Pub.  Close up of Jane taking off her helmet.  She shakes her hair free.  Shot
changes to Trent singing up on stage. 

TRENT (Singing):  Jane, Jane, Jane / Yeah I'm cryin' in vain, vain, vain / Can't you see the
pain, pain, pain / You're out of my life 

Shot changes to a view of the double front doors from inside McGrundy's Pub.  Beavis and
Butthead are standing by them looking their usual idiotic selves.  Then suddenly, Jane
appears, swinging both doors wide-open and sending one each into the faces of the
dyslexic duo. 

BEAVIS (Voice Only):  AAAAAA!!! 

BUTTHEAD (Voice Only):  UUUHHH!!! 

Jane cringes, eyebrows raised.  She looks around for the source of the cries but doesn't
see anyone.  Shrugging it off, Jane proceeds into the heart of the pub.  She is wearing a
black leather jacket over a white T-shirt.  She is also wearing a pair of black denim jeans. 
As the double front doors swing back shut, Beavis and Butthead are seen dazed and
confused. 

BUTTHEAD:  Uh.  Uh, huh huh.  Cool.  Uh, huh huh. 

BEAVIS:  Mmm, heh.  Yeah.  Really.  Mmm, heh heh. 

Shot changes to Trent singing up on stage. 

TRENT (Singing):  Jane, you don't know what you're doing to me / But I'm sure as hell
gonna hafta make you see / Are you passing through or are you here to stay? / Are you
gonna be around to love me one more day, Jane? 

Shot changes to Jane appearing behind Daria.  Daria turns around and sees her friend. 
The two comrades smile and embrace one another.  Close up of Jane's face on Daria's
shoulder.  Jane's eyes are shut tight.  Shot changes to Jesse up on stage.  Shot changes
to Jane as she opens her eyes.  Shot changes to Jesse up on stage.  He winks at Jane. 
Close up of Jane's head on Daria's shoulder.  Jane winks at Jesse, then into the camera. 
Shot changes to Trent singing up on stage. 

TRENT (Singing):  YEA!!! 

Shot changes to a full view of Mystik Spiral up on stage.  The band members jump up into
the air in slow motion.  The song ends with a kick and the stage lights all go out.  Blank
screen. 

JANE (Narrating):  Sooo, to wrap things up... 

Fade in from blank screen to a moving shot of a green overhead street sign as a car
passes underneath it.  The sign reads:  "You Are Now Entering Los Angeles".  The intro to
the song "Blister In The Sun" by Violent Femmes is heard.  Shot changes to a view of Trent
driving his car.  Daria is sitting in the passenger's seat next to him.  She is wearing glasses
again and is back to her normal hairdo and attire.  Jesse is sprawled out sleeping on the
back seat. 

JANE (Narrating):  Daria actually skipped classes the next day to help Trent and Jesse
look for a new place in LA. 

Trent turns to Daria and smiles.  Daria smiles back at him. 

JANE (Narrating):  Aren't they cute? 

Shot changes to an exterior view of Trent's car.  Pan from Trent's car to Max's van following
behind.  Shot changes to inside the van.  Max is behind the wheel driving and Nicholas is in
the passenger's seat next to him.  In the background, Beavis and Butthead are seen
fighting...guitars and cymbals flying.  Max and Nicholas turn to each other, each with
worried looks on their faces.  Scene changes to a sign atop a tall office building.  The sign
reads:  "Polygraph Records".  The beginning to the song "Ice Box Woman" is being sung
by Trent.  Shot changes to Mystik Sprial in a recording studio.  Daria is standing in the
control booth watching Trent.  She is smiling at him, nodding her head.  Scene changes to
a sign above the entrance to a nightclub.  The sign reads:  "The Temple".  The intro to the
song "Stinkfist" by Tool is heard.  Shot changes to inside the nightclub where Andrea is
dancing with her boyfriend Lonn. 

JANE (Narrating):  Andrea and her boyfriend Lonn are doing well too. 

Zoom in on Andrea.  Pan from Andrea to Lonn.  Sure enough, Lonn is wearing a bra. 
Scene changes to a rear view of Jane and Jesse sitting on a bench underneath a tree. 
The intro to the song "Baby, I Love Your Way/Freebird Medley" by Will To Power is heard. 
It is a moonlit evening.  Jesse has his arm around Jane.  He turns to her.  She turns to him. 
The two smile at each other. 

JANE (Narrating):  But Jesse and I got them all beat.  The two of us couldn't be happier! 

Jane and Jesse kiss.  Scene changes to a close up of Jodie looking wide eyed at
something.  The intro to the song "Go!" by Tones on Tail is heard.  Jodie is at her
coworker's bachelorette party.  Shot changes to Jane receiving a piggyback ride from a
male stripper dressed in chaps and a g-string.  She is seen waving around a large
ten-gallon cowboy hat. 

JANE (Narrating):  Whoops! 

Abrupt blank screen. 

JANE (Narrating):  Well, that about does it for now...thanks for stopping by my world! 
Please use the side exits.  Hoah, boy... 

Black and white scenes from the episode are seen in slow motion on the bottom half of
screen.  Credits begin to roll on the upper half of the screen to the song "New World Order"
by Ministry. 

"Jane's World" is a work of fiction based on the characters of MTV's "Daria" and "Beavis
and Butthead".  Additional material taken from "The Daria Diaries" by Anne D. Bernstein. 
All songs mentioned are copyrighted by the artists indicated.  All other material for "Jane's
World" is the property of George K. Abraham.  No part of this story may be reprinted,
electronically or otherwise, without the express permission of the author. 

THE END 