From Blaze842@aol.com Fri Aug 13 22:37:41 1999
title: Jane Doe?
author:  ???? 
summary:  jane has met someone-someone amazing-but is she going to risk all 
those years with jesse to see if this person is "the one"

setting--an art gallery in new york (jane is 24 years old)

jane is browsing around the gallery until she see's a painting that catches 
her eye

jane:very post modern

artist (john): people only say that when they don't know what to say about a 
painting

jane: ::arching an eyebrow:: so you've been reading my book 

artist (john): ::laughs:: you've got a sense of humor--that would be on the 
"pro side"

jane: and what would be on the "con" side?

artist (john): that you critisized my work by saying its post modern

jane: i'm kidding--and by the way? why are you listing my pro's and cons??

artist (john): to see if i should ask you out for friday night

jane: ask me out!! i don't even know your name

artist (john): john--john doe. and what's yours??

jane: jane lane

john: so friday?

jane: let me think about it--i'll call you

john nods-takes janes hand delicately and writes his number down on her 
palm-"try to call me before thurday though? ok?

jane nods, then turns and leaves, blushing as she walked out the door.  she 
had never felt that way--the way she did when john had taken her hand.  she 
chastised herself--he was just writing down a number--what would jesse think 
if he saw you like this.  she sighed--and tried to shrug the feeling off--but 
it didn't leave

setting-jane's apartment

jesse: hey-how was the show?

jane: good

jesse: that's good--up for a night on the town?

jane: actually i'm sorta tired jess--i'm hitting the sack

jesse: ok

jane headed into the room--plopped into the bed she shared with jesse.  they 
wern't even married-but she had been waiting for the day when he would pop 
the question.  she fell into a deep sleep.......

setting--jane's room 2AM
 
jane: oh my god

jesse: ::in a groggy voice:: what is it?

jane: oh..um...nothing....i just remembered daria's birthday is in a couple 
of days and i don't have a gift 

jane knew she was lying--she really screamed because she had been thinking 
about john--and whether or not she would go with him on friday--she was 
dreaming of friday.
jane made a mental note in her head though to call daria and thank her for 
having a birthday in a couple of days, so she could have and excuse for 
jesse.  not that jesse would remember daria's birthday anyways--he couldn't 
even remember hers.  jane sighed and fell back asleep

setting: jane's (and jesse's) bedroom

jane is on the phone

ring ring ring

john:hello

jane:john? hi its me, jane

john: oh hey jane!

jane:umm..i'm calling about friday--::she took a big breath::-i can go

john: hey! that's great!. what time should i pick you up?

jane: why don't i just meet you at the gallery

john: ok...just as long as i get to see you

jane was speechless

john:so how about if we meet at 8 at the gallery

::silence::

jane: oh--yah-that's ok-8 at the gallery-gotcha

john:ok-see you then

jane:see you

jane just let the phone drop to the ground as she let john's words replay in 
her head--"just as long as i get to see you"  no one had ever said something 
like that to her before.  not even jesse!! and they had been going out for 
years!  right now though, jane didn't care about jesse, didn't care that she 
was two-timing the man she was probably going to end up marrying, all she 
wanted was to see john.

setting: the gallery-friday (j&j's date)

john: hey jane! whoah-you look amazing

jane:uhh..thanks (jane is wearing a short red mini dress that she had just 
bought an hour before) you look great too john!

john: thanks--so i thought we could go to "this place has no name cafe"--i 
heard there's a poetry reading there tonight

jane: sure-i'd love to go there

john:great!

setting: this place has no name cafe

jane and john have ordered dinner and are sitting on the couch together 
watching the poetry reading. john's arm is around jane's neck

poetry reader:  you don't know if he's the one
                       you don't care
                       you love him

the poem goes on-and finally when the last line is uttered--john pulls jane 
into a breathtaking kiss.  jane has never felt this way before--not with 
jesse or any other guy she has dated.  

john: jane? do you believe in soul mates? ::he whispers::

jane: yes..yes i do 

she says as john kisses her once again--she kisses back--and knows that john 
is not just "someone". john is "the one".  the one jane wants to spend the 
rest of her life with. but all she had standing in the was was jesse

setting: jane's apartment

jesse: jane--i've been meaning to ask you something...

jane: which is???

jesse: will you marry me jane?

she knew it was coming--"the question"--she dreaded the words that were about 
to come out of her mouth

setting: 3 months later at a church

daria:i would never believe it if i'm not seeing it in person--jane lane is 
getting married

jane:i know-thanks for being my maid of honor

daria: no problem

the march song begins

jane: this is it

daria:i know

jane marches in-holding her fathers arm-staring up near the alter at the man 
she loves

after all the vows are said and ceremony is over--jane and the rest of the 
people head for the reception

jane:i made it daria-i made it through my wedding day

daria:i know--its surprising

jane: ::laughs::  so when's it going to be you?

daria: i don't know--but what i do know is that you picked a good guy to marry

jane: just cause he got you 2 sick sad world tickets doesn't mean you have to 
take him from me

daria: if i had my pick though--i'd take what you have--except for the name 
though--jane doe???

jane: ::laughs:: jane and john doe..the perfect couple

                             the end

