"Jane's Theme"
a fanfic by Raven
9-18-98

The dream was as dark as a winter whisper.  It was a sad day, a joyful 
day, a day for her to paint those that she loved the most.

She stared in the mirror and saw what wasn't there.  A perfect world 
that she could paint with even, asymmetrical strokess.  A world where 
she belonged, a world that was beautiful.

Suddenly she saw her friend in the mirror.  Her friend was lying down, 
drunk with slumber.  Our artist began to paint.  Her friend arose, 
oblivious to the mirroe that held only her own reflection.

Our artist snapped her fingers and he appeared.  Dark with torment and 
angst, he shimmered like the moonlit sky.  He approached our painter, as 
if to ask permission to go through the mirror and inadvertently save her 
friend, save her from a world where she didn't belong.  Our artist told 
him to go to her, but he was afraid.

There were noticible differences between them; she was seven years his 
junior, yet still jaded.  He was fearful of her immense intelligence.  
there were still things that he had to reveal to her, things that she 
couldn't begin to comprehend.  He whispered her name into the boundless 
dark.  She was Daria, but was she to be his?

Throughout all of this, our artist painted his emotions, emotions as 
varied as the music he played.  After a fragment of time, the artist 
spoke to him.  "Trent,", she whispered, "go to her."

Trent obeyed the artist, who was also his sister, companion, and 
confidant.  He crossed over to Daria's side of the mirror, where she 
greeted him with shock and feigned indifference towards him.  He didn't 
know where they were going from that moment.  On a whim, he pulled her 
toward him.

Daria felt an overwhelming sensation as he kissed her.  Her mind was 
reeling with thoughts of Trent as starlight and music and all that was 
right with the world.  As he held her, he could only think of the 
tension that was between them for so long and how it was finally broken.

Our artist envied their happiness, their love, their passion.  Passion 
fueled by the intense fire within her own soul was combined with 
jealousy..  She stopped painting, and Trent pulled away from Daria and 
went back through the mirror.  Daria placed her hand upon the flat, 
empty glass, then touched it to her lips where he had been.  She looked 
through the mirror and saw her friend, holding up the portrait she had 
painted of their happiness.

Daria tried to touch the portrait through the mirror.  The mirror 
shattered and pieces fell at her feet.  This was the perfect world that 
she helped destroy.

Our artist then awoke from the dream, pleased and dismayed at the world 
she had created.  She vowed never to speak of this dream to anyone.

And with that, she closed her eyes, already dreaming of the canvases 
that she would paint. 