JESSE
by Mitch
wells17@gte.net

(at the Lane household, Trent and Jesse are practicing)
Trent: This bites.
Jesse: What do you mean?
Trent: This song sounds awful.
Jesse: You never had trouble with that cord before.
Trent: That's because I used my lucky pick...That's it.  I don't
have my pick.
Jesse: I'll get it for you man.  I -need- to get out of this
basement.
Trent: Thanks Jess.
(Jesse goes to Trent's room and finds the pick.  He passes Jane's
room and hears the following conversation.)
Jane:(behind door) C'mon Daria, I -know- you like him, so why
don't you tell him?
Daria:(behind door) Well, Jane, you know that I almost -never-
liked a guy in my life, much less told him.  Besides, he wouldn't
take me seriously.  -I- almost don't take myself seriously with
this.
Jane:(behind door) C'mon, he's cute, in a band...
Daria:(behind door) 21...
Jane:(behind door)Like that's a problem.
Daria:(behind door) I keep wondering why you want me to go
through with this.  What about your relationship with him?
Jane:(behind door) Oh, I care about him, but he's better off with
you.
(Jesse leaves)
Jesse: Were they talking about...me?!
(that evening, at a Mystik Spiral party)
Trent: What's wrong Jesse?  You seem a little tight.
Jesse: Well...Trent, have you ever had to turn a girl down?
Trent: A couple of times.  Why?
Jesse: Well, I need to do that, but she's not a bad girl.  I just
don't like her in -that- way.
Trent: Oh.  Well, do you think she'll understand if you let her
down gently?
Jesse: Probably.
Trent: Well, good luck but be careful.
Jesse: Thanks.
(Jesse leaves and finds Daria and Jane)
Jane: Enjoying yourself?
Daria: As much as ever.  You?
Jane:  Same deal.
Jesse: Hey, Jane.  Can I borrow Daria for a second?
Jane: Sure, but lose any parts or payments and you die.
(Jesse takes Daria someplace out of the way)
Daria: Sorry, Jesse, but I'm not into free love.
Jesse: (does she know that he heard her?) Actually, I heard what
you and Jane were saying today...
Daria:(thinking) God, he knows about Trent.
Jesse: I sorta hate to say this but...well...you're nice and all
but...I don't think we're ready for a relationship.
Daria: Jesse, what are you talking about?
Jesse: Well, I heard that Jane is trying to hook you up with a 21
year-old who's in a band and I thought...
Daria: Uh, Jesse, I think your a little confused.  I was talking
about...-sigh- Trent.
Jesse: (embarrassed) Oh.  Oh, God.  Sorry.  I...(Trent?) Huh?
(later, after Jesse and Daria rejoin the party)
Jane: So, you thought we were talking about you?
Jesse: Well, I was guessing.
Daria: So, you were trying to gently put me down.
Jesse: (head down) Yeah...
Daria: Thanks.
(Jesse perks up)
Daria: Better than being totally put down.
Jesse: Er, um, your welcome.
Daria: But if you tell Trent I like him, I'll put you to torture.
Jesse: Ulp.

END
