Jodie's Moment
by Mitch
wells17@gte.net

     Jodie Landon had a busy day.  She had been doing yearbook
stuff, tennis practice, and whatever else.  She needed a minute.
Jodie actually had a minute to herself that day and, just because
it was nearby, went into the gym.  There was no real reason.  She
probably just needed to be alone.  She looked around and learned
that the place was pretty quiet after class hours.  She felt
pretty alone and it was rather quiet.  For no reason, she did a
jumping jack.  That was stupid, she thought to herself, but she
smiled anyway.  In her hectic life, there was never any room for
actual...fun.  Anyway, it was good to get away from everything
for a minute.  She had such a busy schedule that night.  She had
to call off her plans with Mack that night.  Strange, he didn't
seem that....graceful about not going out lately
     Just then, Jodie heard something crack.  She heard it again
and looked up.  There was the reason, the air vent was starting
to fall.  I'd better tell Principle Li, Jodie thought to herself.
Of course, Jodie knew that part of the reason -why- the school
had been starting to fall apart lately was because of Ms. Li's
constant squandering of money in security concerns.  Sometimes,
Jodie wondered if Ms. Li was just paranoid, since the other
schools in the county were always sounding worse off then them.
The air vent cracked again and Jodie knew this was serious.  She
started to leave when the worst happened, the air vent actually
fell!  Jodie ran but it was no use.  The vent fell on her leg and
pinned her down.  The pain caused her to scream
-----
     Daria Morgendorffer was walking by way of the gym.  She
needed a moment alone and figured that almost no one would be in
the school at the time.  Just then, she heard something crack.
Darn air vents, she thought.  Then came another.  Well, thought
Daria, if the school feel on Ms. Li's head, it wouldn't be my
concern.  Suddenly, she heard a crash and a scream, a familiar
scream!  Daria actually ran, fearing the worst.  When she entered
the gym, her fears were verified.  "Jodie!"  Jodie was pinned by
a fallen air vent.  She looked like she was holding back tears.
Jodie picked her head up.  "D...Daria?"  "Just...hang on," said
Daria.  She tried to lift the air vent up, but it was no use.
"Look," said Daria, "Just don't move.  I'll get help.
-----
     Lawndale High football team captain Michael "Mack" McKinsie
was in the stadium.  He just had an -interesting- debate with
quarterback Kevin Thompson.  He was asking if Mack could bring
Jodie along to a "make-out party" with him and Brittany.  Mack
politely declined, but added a "thanks for thinking about us"
before Kevin left.  Mack really disliked how Kevin thought his
relationship with Jodie was all hormones.  Still, Mack smiled to
himself, amused by Kevin's "unique" behavior.  Daria once told
Mack to take Kevin less seriously and it had been working.  Mack
then remembered that he had a date with Jodie that night.
Strange, he was half-expecting her to arrive and call it off.
Then, Mack saw someone rushing toward his direction.  He thought
it was Jodie, but it was...Daria?  Mack had never known Daria to
run before.  She also looked worried.  Then, Mack realized what
would -make- Daria run!  "Mack!" Daria exclaimed, "Thank God!
Look, it's Jodie she's hurt."  "That makes two of us..."  "No, I
mean, physically.  She's injured."  Mack was shocked.  He always
considered Daria to be honest, but he wished she wasn't at that
moment.  "Where is she?"  "In the gym, come on.
-----
     Jodie had basically gotten over the shock of her situation
and was concentrating on holding back pain.  She thought about
how this accident ruined -all- her plans for that night, not just
the ones with her and Mack.  She had a feeling that whatever
happened to her leg, she would have to be hospitalized, putting
her months behind schedule in all her activities.  Also, her
parents wouldn't be to happy to hear about this, especially her
dad.  Jodie felt pressured
     Suddenly, Daria entered the gym followed by Mack.  Mack,
without a word, lifted the vent off Jodie's leg.  "You stay with
her," said Mack to Daria, "I'll get the nurse."  "Right.
-----
     It had been a few days since Jodie had been committed to the
Ceders of Lawndale hospital.  It felt like an eternity to her.
It had been days since she had done anything for the school, with
Mack, or...for herself.  She was being waited on and the concept
was bugging her.  She wanted to -do- something...but couldn't.
Her parents weren't much help either.  Her dad was out of town.
Her mom was always busy dealing with the doctors about her
upcoming operation.  Jodie did, however, get some support from
her siblings.  Her sister would sneak away from their mom while
carrying their baby brother.  It was strange seeing them not
fight for a change.  She would ask Jodie if she was going to be
okay and Jodie would tell her she would be fine.  Still, even
the baby looked worried
     On the night before the operation, Jodie looked at the TV.
The local news was reporting about something called the "Jodie
Landon Fair" the school was hosting.  Apparently, Ms. Li was
capitalizing on Jodie's misfortune.  The worst part was, Jodie
was too miserable to be upset.  She was also tired.  She fell
asleep thinking that Daria would think of a way to handle this
situation
-----
     Mack couldn't believe this fair.  There were plenty of
things he wanted to say to Ms. Li about it, but only Jane or
Andrea would probably get away with that kind of language.
Keeping his anger aside he continued to look for Daria.  Soon,
they ran into each other.  "Mack?  What are you doing here?"
"Looking for you.  Since Jane was roped into making some of the
decorations, I figured you might have stopped over for support."
"Well, yeah.  But why do you want to see me?"  "I figured we
could go see Jodie if...that doesn't mess with any of your
plans."  "Sure.
-----
     Soon, they were in Mack's car on the way to the hospital.
"I keep wishing I got there sooner."   Mack turned to Daria,
slightly surprised by the offhand comment.  "Daria," he started,
"I'm as upset about this as you are, and I wish I got there
sooner, but there was no way either of us could have known about
that."  "-sigh-I know, Mack.  It's just...I think Jodie's
suffered enough in her life."  "Well, yeah.  Say, Daria, that
reminds me, can you...tell me about yourself?"  "Excuse me?"
"I'm sorry if I'm sounding direct, but in all time you've lived
here, the two of us have never really talked, have we?  I've been
really curious about your life."  "Well, I don't think you really
want to know about my life..."  "Oh come on.  I'm sure it's
interesting..."  "It's not boring, Mack.  It's just depressing."
"Oh.  Well," said Mack, "I'll tell you about my life."  "Hmmm.
Okay.
     "Well," started Mack, "I was born in late '82.  I assume
you've heard how I got my middle name..."  "I have.  Go on."
"Well, I was an only child, so my parents got to concentrate on
me.  My mom was an architect and my dad was substitute teacher.
When I was about five, I started playing football with him in the
backyard.  He noticed that I was good at it and I -did- like it.
I was pretty lonely in my childhood, there were no kids my age in
my neighborhood.  In school, I made friends easy enough, but they
didn't understand me, since I also had interests in literature
and math as well as football.  Anyway, I got good grades and my
parents loved me for it, but I still felt kind of alone.  In high
school, I met Jodie during early days at yearbook.  I don't
remember if I asked her out or the other way around but I  don't
think it matters.  What matters is that I liked her a lot.  I'm
just ticked that she hasn't found time for me lately.  Anyway, I
shortly became team captain for the Lions, but I started to get a
little questionable about the game's influence on people,
especially after I met Kevin.  Anyway, since the two of us
eventually started to double date Jodie and Brittany, I -guess-
you could call Kevin and Brittany my friends...oh sorry.  I just
remembered, they're -your- friends, aren't they?"  "Well, I
guess," answered Daria, "they've never said that to my face..."
"Well," continued Mack, "I guess that's it except I've been
running into you, Quinn, and Jane every since you showed up.  So,
-are- we friends?"  "Well," answered Daria, "we could be if we
talked more often.  I admit, I have a rep of not opening myself
to strangers, but...you're not exactly a stranger now.
     Just then, they reached the hospital.  "Well, looks like my
life story will have top wait," said Daria
-----
     When Jodie's door opened, she expected her siblings.  She
was pleasantly surprised to learn it was Daria and Mack.  "How
are things?" asked Daria.  "Lousy," said Jodie, "but thanks for
showing up.  I guess everyone's too busy at the -carnival-..."
"You know how it is," said Daria, "everyone's forced to go there,
half the people believe it's for a good cause, and a fraction of
-those- people actually enjoy it."  "I guess.  I should thank you
two for saving me.  I didn't think Daria even went to the gym at
that time of day."  "I don't.  I'm usually at home or at Jane's
at that time.  It was just luck."  "Wow."  Jodie's face went
blank.  "I'll...I'll leave you two alone for a while," said Daria
as she went into the hallway
-----
     "Jodie...?"  "I'm...okay, Mack.  It's just that...I feel
both lucky and cursed at the same time.  I mean, I feel like my
own school tried to kill me and at the same time, it could have
been a lot worse."  "Look, Jodie, it was an accident.  It could
have happened to anyone."  "I know, but, before it happened, I
was thinking about how...Mack, am I any fun?"  "What do you
mean?"  "Well, I was taking a break from my extracurricular
duties that day, and I realized I don't -take- that many breaks.
When was the last time you saw me having fun?"  "Well, there was
that time we impersonated Kevin and Brittany on stage."  "-
chuckle-Yeah.
-----
     Daria stood in the hallway, wishing for a seat and for a way
to help Jodie,  She hated to see Jodie suffer like that.  Also,
Mack was right, Daria had never really talked with him.  Of
course, her policy was to keep things to herself, but she had
been giving Jane the basics the past couple of years.  Jodie and
Mack weren't that close to her, but they were closer than a lot
of people.  Actually, Daria considered Jodie close to her, mainly
because she slightly reminded Daria of a younger her.  Also, Mack
-was- worth talking with.  Besides, he just shared his life story
to -her-.  All this gave Daria an idea
-----
     Mack drove Daria home.  "I hope she pulls through."  "Mack,"
said Daria, "it's not too serious an operation.  Besides, the
doctors' said it could have been worse.  Look, I'll be there with
you when she recovers."  "Okay...-woah-!  This is your house?  I
mean, Jodie's told me about this place, but I didn't think it was
this big!  I mean, are you rich or something?  I imagine we would
have heard if you were."  "We get by, it's just bigger than our
old house.  Besides, why would I boast of my families untold
riches, especially with Quinn to do it for me?"  "I'm...sorry.  I
should have known better.  It's just when hanging around people
like Brittany and all...sorry.  I'll have you know I've never
bought any of those rumors about you."  "Rumors...?"  "You know,
all those rumors people have said since you showed up."  "Oh,
-those- rumors.  Never listen to rumors about me.  I rely on a
more direct source."  "Yeah.  I admit, I'm always hearing rumors
about me and Jodie that are less than truthful."  "That happens.
I guess it's because some people need something to talk about
that doesn't concern them and truth is optional, probably because
it seems dull."  "I guess."  "Look, I'm sorry, Mack, but if my
parents see us out here, they're going to get ideas."  "Oh.
okay.
-----
     "Say, Daria," asked Quinn, "who was that guy out there?"
"Just a friend."  "Yeah, right, Daria.  You have, what, two
friends, and neither of them have a car like that."  "Okay, that
was Mack McKinsie, he drove me over to the hospital to see
Jodie."  "Jodie and Mack?  Look Daria, how can you know two of
the most popular guys at school?"  "Well, how often do -you- talk
to them?"  "Uh..."  Daria went to her room and smirked
-----
     Mack felt very anxious went he went to pick up Daria to
check on Jodie.  It had been a couple of days and Jodie operation
was over with.  What worried him now was meeting Daria's family.
He never actually learned anything about them except Quinn's
existence.  Mack didn't know if Daria's parents were still
married, -were- married, or whatever else.  Maybe she was raised
by her aunts or uncles.  Maybe she lived with legal guardians.
Perhaps she was a mother herself.  Mack shook his head.  He would
just find out and get it over with.  Maybe her parents would turn
out to be adult versions of her
     Mack rang the doorbell and a brown haired man in a business
suit answered the door.  "Quinn!" he shouted, "your date is
here!"  "Uh, actually I'm..."  Quinn Morgendorffer came down the
stairs and said, before Mack could explain himself, "Daddy!  I
don't have a date tonight...omigod!  Mack McKinsie?!  Captain of
the football team!  So, you finally left Jodie or something?"
Mack didn't know much about Quinn aside from what the three Js
always mentioned, but he was ever close to being angry at her,
this was it.  "-Actually-," Mack tried again, "I'm here to pick
up Daria..."  "Daria?  You're here to see Daria?"  Quinn panicky
pushed her dad aside stood in front of Mack.  "No wait," she
said, "I'm cuter!  I dress better!  My eyes are more sparkly!"
"What about the three Js?" asked Mack.  "Oh, I've never gone on a
-real- date with any of them."  "Look," Mack tried again, "I'm
not here to -date- Daria, I'm just picking her up so we can visit
Jodie."  Just then, a red-haired woman in a business suit
appeared holding a phone.  "Now Eric, I've told you, I've
-already- handled that case.  Also, the briefs will be sent to
you tomorrow.  Ask Marieann about it, okay?"  The woman hung up
the phone and looked at Mack.  "Oh my.  Who's this?"  "I'm Mack
McKinsie, I'm here to pick up Daria."  "-gasp-You're here to date
-Daria-?"  She dragged him to the couch and sat him down.
"Please, tell me all about yourself!"  "Actually, Helen," said
Quinn's dad, "He says that he's here just to pick Daria up..."
"He's Mack," explained Quinn, "he's a football player and he
dates Jodie Landon, one of the most popular girls in school."
Mack was wondering when Daria would show up and save him from
these people.  He was also wondering about all this excitement
caused from a boy visiting Daria.  Mack never really thought that
Daria didn't have a love life and even if she didn't, these
people were acting like she devoid of human contact.  If that
were true, she wouldn't even be seen in public, and Mack knew
better than that
     Daria came down the stairs wearing her backpack.  "I see
you've met Mack," she said, "I suggest you give him some air,
since he's driving."  Helen and Quinn's dad backed away from
Mack.  Quinn hesitated, looking at Daria, then at Mack, as if
deciding whether to temp him again in front of her.  Quinn
finally shrugged and backed away.  Mack got up.  "Ready?"
"Ready.
     "Sorry for taking so long," said Daria as they were on the
open road, "I had to get something for Jodie.  I didn't know deep
I'd hidden it."  "That's okay, I just wish you did it sooner.
Strange, I didn't know you were adopted."  "I'm not."  "...Sorry,
I..."  "That's okay.  Some people make that mistake."  "I just
don't see how you could lived with those people all those years.
Are they always like that?"  "No, they're usually worse.  Just be
glad Dad didn't try to bond with you or flashback to his dad and
his military school days.  I think his consulting job is just to
give advice to a world that once controlled him."  "Ouch.  So,
Helen's your mom..."  "Yeah.  She's a lawyer and she's always
pressuring me to fit in with others and not to lose my
independence."  "That makes...little sense.  What about Quinn?  I
always figured there was more to her than just dating every guy
in school."  "There used to be.  There was also dating every guy
in Highland."  "Highland?"  "That's where we Morgendorffers hail
from."  "Highland, Texas?"  "Oh, you've heard about it?"  "Yeah,
there was a report on the drinking water being poisoned with
uranium a couple of years ago.  Around the same time you showed
up...Oh, sorry, Daria."  "Oh, it's okay.  Never liked the place.
It was hell."  Mack chuckled at that.  "No, seriously," said
Daria, "There were guns in school, harrasment, and the town was
run by adults that make our teachers look like college material."
"Woah.  Daria, I...I never thought..."  "That I came from such a
harsh environment?"  "Well, I guess.  Daria, do you mind
a...personal question?"  "Usually, but you've made me curious.
Go ahead."  "Is that why you seem so...distant?"  "Well, no.
That comes from my family.  Actually, you'd be surprised at my
activity back at Highland High.  I was just as ignored there as I
am at Lawndale, though."  "Ignored?  You really think people
don't notice you?"  "What do you mean?"  "Daria, if you were
really -ignored-, do you think there would be rumors abou you?
If you were ignored, I wouldn't hear so much about you from
Jodie.  Here's an example, Mr. O'Neil was always pretty detached
from us, could never remember our names and then -you- came
along, and in a few weeks, he actually -learned our names- and
has gotten attached to us.  Okay, that's not exactly a -good-
example, but you see my point."  "Hmmm.  Maybe your right.  I
guess, well, I'm too -used- to being ignored.  Also, I've never
-tried- to be popular.  I don't really -want- to be popular, I
don't think I could handle it."  "Maybe, but my point is that I
never go a single day without hearing about Daria Morgendorffer."
Daria was silent until Mack heard her mutter a small "Wow.
     "So what's in the bag, Daria?" asked Mack as they entered
the hospital.  "It's something I've wanted to show Jodie for a
long time...and probably should have."  Mack wondered what that
meant, but he figured Daria had, of course, the right to keep
some secrets.  Besides, she would be sharing this secret,
whatever it was, with Jodie
-----
     Jodie was looking at the ceiling in her room.  She wondered
if Daria was just as board when -she- did that.  She also
wondered why Daria didn't really stay with her last time.  Just
then, the door opened and Daria stepped in.  It looked like Jodie
would get the answers to her questions.  "Hi Jodie."  "Hey Daria.
What's with the bag?  Did you bring your homework or something?"
"If you mean on myself, yes."  "Huh?"  "Jodie, did you ever
wonder what my life in Highland was like?"  "I...guessed it was
the same as your life here."  "Jodie, you know how you're always
telling me to give people a chance, could you please give -me-
one?"  "I'm...sorry."  "Look," explained Daria, "I didn't say
that to bring you down.  It was just to bring up my point."  She
took a binder out of her backpack and opened it.  "It's my old
scrapbook.  Take a look.
     Jodie couldn't believe her eyes.  That book contained
clippings from both a school paper called the "Highland Herald"
and what looked like Highland's local paper.  There were
headlines like, "High School Shootout, "The Thong Is Back,"
"Furrier Opens," and "Walk-a-thon Today," and "Mr. Clinton Comes
to Highland."  Jodie looked at the photo from "High School
Shootout."  She saw a girl that looked vaguely like Daria.  "Is
that...?"  "That's me.  A young and possibly inexperienced me,
but still me."  "You were at the school during a shootout?  Oh,
Daria..."  "It was unnerving, but more guns were snuck in that
school than you would believe.  We were almost -used- to it.  I
had to trick a guy into showing his gun."  "Daria, you...you're a
hero then..."  "Hardly.  The next week, everyone forgot about it.
"You're right, though.  I'm glad I don't have to deal with that
anymore."  Jodie looked at the picture again.  "You're wearing
leggings, I never thought you would..."  "Wear something over my
legs?  Or anything besides green."  I admit, I spent more years
wearing green than you can imagine, but I had -some- variety in
my fashion life.  Take a look."  Daria showed Jodie a picture of
herself in a black jacket and a red skirt.  "-You-?!" asked Jodie
in disbelief, "in a red skirt?"  "Yeah, but it didn't really suit
me later on.
     Jodie looked at the "The Thong Is Back" article and read the
byline.  "You wrote this?  I thought you..."  "Hated fashion?  I
do, and did even then.  However there wasn't anything fashionable
in Highland anyway.  It was Helen and Jake's idea.  Well,
actually, they just wanted me to join the paper.  It was the
-paper- that made me their fashion reporter."  "Why?"  "Because
I'm a girl."  "Oh.  What about Quinn?"  "Maybe if they forced
-Quinn- to join the paper..."  "Ohhh.
     Jodie looked at the two guys on the cover.  "Ugh.  I think
I've seen Upchuck look more assuming!  Who are these guys?"
"Just two acqauntences of mine that would make you miss Kevin and
Brittany.  I always hung around them just to tick off Helen and
Jake.  Actually, sometimes I just ran into them, like when I took
that picture.  Also, there was a time when I saw them doing their
'American Gladiators' impersonation."  Jodie giggled.  "I mean,
the -female- ones."  Jodie's amusement turned to shock.  "It
wasn't always so bad," explained Daria, "like this time when I
was raising money for a walk-a-thon..."  "You did -what-?"  Daria
showed her the sign up for said walk-a-thon.  Jodie read it.
"'$10 a mile each' from those guys?  And you paid them..."  "A
nickel for both of them.  Sometimes, those two could be helpful.
However, there was that time...You see that picture of President
Clinton with those two?  See those feet behind him?"  Jodie
looked.  "It's you...you met the president?"  "Yeah, but those
two boys upstaged me.  I guess it's my own fault for telling the
president that they were 'emotionally special'.  They were
already embarrassing me."  "Wait, a minute," mused Jodie,
"Clinton at a high school, girl with glasses?  Daria, was that
televised?"  "Yes."  "That was you...you were the one who grilled
Clinton about how he promised to help students get college
money."  "Guilty as charged."  "I remember watching and thinking
'that girl has guts'.  I always thought -you- deserved that
Student of the Year award."  "I don't think I could have handled
the fame very well," explained Daria
     "Daria," asked Jodie, "it looks like...you did some things
for your old school.  Why don't you do the same for Lawndale?"
"Well," explained Daria, "I mainly did it just to pass time.  I
didn't have anyone to really talk to then.  Besides, I think I'm
all 'extracirriculared' out, if that's a word.  I know I just
spout out sarcasm now, but back then, if I was sarcastic, no one
would notice.  No one noticed me and no one else worried about
the school except -maybe- the faculty.  At least here, the jocks
want the school going on so they can play football.
     Jodie smiled to herself and looked at Daria.  "You know,
Daria, I'm...I'm sorry that I misjudged you.  You...you're not
that different from me after all."  "You know, Jodie, I've always
been a -little- envious of you.  You have a boyfriend, friends,
annoying people that you can annoy back.  Okay, I admit, your
friends and...jocks...are mine also, but you get to have them
when I didn't.  So, at least it wasn't lonely for you when you
started..."  "Yes it was," interrupted Jodie. "before you came
around, I had Mack, but all I had besides him were Kevin and
Brittany, so I only had two clueless people and one person I
could talk to.  Until I met you and Jane, my world was
rather...small."  "Wow, I guess we -do- have a lot in common."
"Yeah."  Jodie spread her arms open, offering a hug.  Daria
looked at her, shrugged her shoulders and accepted it.  "Just
don't make a habit of this," advised Daria, "It's not you.  It's
just that I'm not into hugs."  "Okay," said a smiling Jodie
     "So," asked Jodie when they let go, "what do you think I
should do?"  "What do -you- think you should do?"  "What?"
"Jodie, what worked for me may not work for you.  On one hand you
have friends and a wonderful boyfriend and one the other you have
duties and a knack for them that I think you're better at than
me.  If you can't spend all you time one or the other, than I
think you should what's -really- best for you and concentrate on
that and see the other as a way to pass time."  Daria left with
those words, leaving Jodie in thought
-----
     It had been a week since Jodie came back.  Mack was exiting
the boys locker room when he ran into her.  "Hey, Jodie.  You
were great at pep rally today."  "Thanks.  So, how about we get
some pizza afterwards?"  Mack felt confused.  "Don't you have
yearbook today?"  "It's not an important meeting.  Besides, I got
some people to cover for me."  This was Jodie?  His Jodie?
"Okay, what did Daria do to you?"  Jodie took Mack's arm and took
him to the exit saying, "She showed me where my priorities really
lie.

END
