Kevin and Brittney's Romance
by Mitch
wells17@gte.net

     It was true that they had broke up after the Great Lawndale
Earthquake, but anyone who knew them would say they were back
together the very next week.  Now in their pre-adults, Kevin
Thompson and Brittney Taylor enjoyed about six months of being
together.  One day, Kevin decided to pop the question.  Wearing
his high school football uniform, Kevin got on his knees and
asked Brittney if she would marry him.  Brittney was of mixed
feelings at that moment.  She was flattered and he was cute and
all, but Brittney knew Kevin better than anyone and he was always
on the verge of chasing around.  Still, he had been nicer to her
lately than he had been in awhile.  She figured this could her
best catch and she could always change him if things started to
go awry.  She accepted and they embraced.
     It was Brittney's family that provided most of the planning,
preparations, and money.  In a couple of months, Brittney had her
bachlorette party.  Her friends from Lawndale High were all
there: Daria, Jane, Jodie, Quinn, Sandi, Stacy, and Tiffany.
Most of them gave her thanks and pretty gifts.  Daria and Jane
told her not skate on thin ice.  Brittney didn't know what they
meant by that since she was going to start a modeling career and
not figure skating career.  Since Daria, Jane, and Jodie were
going steady with Trent, Jesse, and Mack respectively, she gave
her old little black book to the Fashion Club, which they all
fought over.  Quinn won, but Sandi secretly tore out a few pages
and kept them.
     Meanwhile, Kevin was having his bachelor party.  Mack and
the Three Js were invited.  The Three Js were a bit disappointed
since they all used to have crushes on Brittney, but at least
Quinn was still available.  Chuck crashed the party and provided
his fellow "gentlemen", Mack, and the doomed former bachelor with
"entertainment": namely, a "stag film" starring Sandi's mother.
(Author's note:  I'm sorry, but I was running out of characters)
Mack secretly left the party at that moment unnoticed.
     The wedding was actually very glamorous.  Brittney looked
rather stunning while Kevin almost looked classy.  When they
kissed, the moment was rather...passionate.  Jane caught the
bouquet and Joey caught the girdle (Jane later told Daria about
how she was ignoring this hint of a prophesy of doom).  The
newlyweds drove off with their families cheering them on.
     Kevin and Brittney's honeymoon was at the Woodland Arms
hotel.  Brittney's family had gotten them registered to the
honeymoon suite.  The details of their wedding night are left out
here to insure privacy and decency.  All that needs to be said is
that Kevin had a great time but Brittney was rather disappointed.
She tried to work it off since she was now married to Kevin and
couldn't just leave him whenever she wanted to.  They spent the
weekend swimming, playing tennis, eating at the buffet, and just
resting in their room.  Brittney figured she should just enjoy
being with him as long he enjoyed being with her.
     Brittney's family already got them a loan on a good house
and the two got settled down there soon after the honeymoon.
Even though she was saving money to move to Paris, Brittney
figured she could be a famous model in the States.  Kevin was
trying to get a contract to become a professional football
player, but kept being turned down.  Brittney, on the other hand,
was accepted by an agency and actually did rather well (by then,
"endowed" young women like herself were the rage in the modeling
world).  The only problem was her husband occasionally showing up
to openly "root" for her and, in effect, embarrass her.  She told
him to compliment her in private from then on.
     About six months later, Brittney was becoming depressed.
Kevin hadn't been paying much attention to her and when he did,
it was for...well, things of a physical nature.  She was
beginning to think that Kevin only loved her physically and was
not interested in any other her other qualities.  Eventually, she
caught him spending time with another woman and, the next
morning, handed him a divorce paper.
     In frustration, Brittney took the money she had been saving
and left for Paris, France.  The two of them had no children, so
the sudden move had few ramifications.  She signed with an agency
there and become a highly successful fashion model.  She went to
parties and the such, meeting famous people, and occasionally
flirted with a few of the male models at the agency and movie
stars at the like whom she crossed paths with.  Still, amidst all
the glamour, Brittney Taylor felt a degree of loneliness.  She
knew she didn't want another boyfriend, but she was missing
something...
     One day, Brittney received a fan letter that had reached her
house instead of the agency.  She opened it, expecting an
indecent purposely from some French admirer.  Surprisingly, it
was from a girl from America.  Basically, it said that the girl
thought Brittney was pretty, hoped that she was happy, and asked
if she could visit her in America one day.  Brittney smiled.  It
had been a little while since she saw the United States and
wondered if she could arrange a U.S. tour of herself.  She hung
the letter on the refrigerator with Lucille's smiling, enclosed
picture and realized what she wanted...Brittney wanted a child.

THE END