LET'S BE IN LOVE.

By Wouter Jaegers. wo.jaegers@planet.nl

Find out why Quinn never goes steady and why Stacy always chooses Quinn's side
in the fashion club.

The Morgendorffer residence Monday morning, Quinn 's room, Quinn is about to
wake up.

Quinn: (Yawning and stretching) Another morning in the (Belches loudly)
BURRRRRBS!

Quinn stumbles out of her bed and wanders to her closet.

Quinn: What shall I wear this time, God I sometimes envy Daria, she may be a
fashion disaster but at least she happy with what she has, Five of the same
outfits. (Laughs)

The Morgendorffer kitchen some time later, Quinn emerges with her usual
attire.

Helen: Morning Quinn, ready for school?

Quinn: (Daria esque) Rarin'.

Helen: Honey what's wrong, normally you are very enthusiastic about going to
school and meeting up with your friends.

Quinn: Friends, well to tell you the truth, I never really saw Sandi and
Tiffany as friends, Stacy on the other hand is always there for me and is
really happy when I show up. So I consider her to be a friend. Daria has Jane
and her brother as friends, they are really close, and I guess that I have
Stacy. But other then that I'm feeling a bit .........empty at the moment.

Helen: Maybe you should try to find a boyfriend, I guess that you're in need
of love.

Quinn: You may be right Mom, but just dating guys isn't doing it anymore for
me, I mean I like those guys but it's like they aren't right for me.

Helen: One thing that you should know about love is that you can't rush it.

Daria: (When walking in) "Life catches on to you when you start to plan it."
John Lennon.

Helen: Exactly Daria, things will wind up going your way eventually.

Daria: I surely hope they do Mom, I could really use a change in my life.

Lawndale Highschool, the girl's room, the Fashion club is finishing their
morning groom.

Sandi: So like, Tiffany and me must be going, Mr. DeMartino doesn't like
latecomers.

Tiffany: Yeeeaaaaah.........he freaks me out with his bulging eye.

Quinn: Well then, you'd better hurry, it might pop out when you're too late.

All: EEEEEEEEEEEWWWWWWWW!

Sandi and Tiffany leave.

Stacy: Boy, sure glad they are gone.

Quinn: So am I, anyway how was your weekend?

Stacy: Meagerly, I only had five dates.

Quinn: I had six, so all in all none was worth it.

Stacy: Precisely. I really am through with guys.

Quinn: So am I, I think we both dated all of them in school.

Stacy: (Giggling) "All of them"?

Quinn: (also) No not all of them.

Stacy: I guess no female creature would ever date Upchuck.

Quinn: No male one either.

Stacy: It would be interesting to try to pick up some gay guys.

Quinn: (Laughs) or to date a girl.

Stacy laughs at that.

Quinn: (Giggling) Or to date each other.

Quinn and Stacy are silenced at this, they then look at each other.

Stacy: (Giggling uneasy) Naaaah, we'd be thrown out of the fashion club if
Sandi found out.

Quinn: (also) Yeah, but if we tried something like that, we could always tell
her that we were dating guys and use name that are closest to our own names.

Stacy: I would be...Steve.

Quinn: And I would be.........Quincy, my name is an unisex name so it wouldn't
make a big difference.

Stacy: Maybe we should just do it, nothing serious, just the two of us going
to Chez Pierre to have fun as friends, outside the fashion club.

Quinn: Call it a date "Steve".

They both burst out in laughter and leave the girl's room to go to their
class.

One locker opens and Jane comes out.

Jane: Did I really hear what I just heard?

Later that day, during the break. The fashion club is debating.

Sandi: So like it's time for the date score for tonight. Tiffany?

Tiffany: Waldo has asked me out, we're going to the movies.

Sandi: Waldo, well done. Stacy?

Stacy: I have a date planned with Quincy the computer guy, we're going to Chez
Pierre.

Quinn glares at Stacy with a "well done" smirk.

Sandi: All right, what about you Quinn?

Quinn: There is a new boy in my neighborhood called Steve and he's so cute so
I will be dating him tonight, I'm going to Chez Pierre with him.

Stacy gently rubs her foot across Quinn's leg to let her know she approves.

Sandi: Okay then, I guess it's my turn, I'm dating Kevin Thompson.

Quinn: Really, that's too cool!

Tiffany: How did you do it?

Sandi: He and Brittany had a fight or something so they broke up and then he
asked me out.

Stacy: Sandi you're the best.

Sandi: I know.

Jane and Daria are walking in the halls.

Jane: No kidding Daria, those two are going to date each other.

Daria: Oh and now you consider our trips to the Zen dates?

Jane: No they aren't just going to eat together, they are REALLY going to date
each other.

Daria: If it's true, I will find out myself, after all after the conversation
she had with my Mom it just might be...

Brittany comes up.

Brittany: Daria, Jane I want you to do me a favor, Don't respond when Kevin
asks you on a date.

Jane: As if we would.

Brittany: We've just broken up and I don't want to see him with another girl.

Jane: Because you're saving him for yourself when you're going steady again?

Brittany starts to shiver, she almost breaks down in tears but composes
herself again.

Daria: Besides, you're already too late, Quinn told me that Sandi is going out
with him.

Brittany can't hold it out much longer and breaks down in tears.

Jane: At least some things never change.

The Morgendorffer residence that night, Quinn shows up in the outfit that she
wore when blowing Corey off in "Quinn the brain"

Helen: Why Quinn, you look dazzling, special event planned?

Quinn: Yes, I met this guy named Steve and he is taking me out tonight.

Daria: (Knowing what Jane told her) Really, and what makes him so different
from the other guys you date?

Quinn: Well, He's cute and is ............much more in touch with his feminine
side and I like it when a guy knows what a girl really wants.

Helen: Oooh I see, you have a crush on him, haven't you?

Quinn: Not yet, but all is possible.

The doorbell rings.

Quinn: (Nervously) That must be him, bye.

Quinn goes out. Daria looks out of the window to see Stacy's car.

Daria: "In touch with his feminine side"......

Daria is lost in thoughts.

Chez Pierre later that night, Quinn and Stacy are having dinner and are both
talking about the usual stuff they talk about.

Quinn: You know Stacy, we've been knowing each other for nearly two years now
but I never asked you about your social life, what hobbies you have and about
your family, you know.

Stacy: As a matter of fact Quinn, I don't know much about you either. Except
that you're ashamed because of your family and especially about your older
sister Daria.

Quinn: How did you know.........

Stacy: She told the whole school one time, I remembered it while Sandi and
Tiffany just forgot it.

Quinn: (Tearing up) It's just.........there has always been a flow of bad
blood between me and Daria, but sometimes I envy her, she has friends who
really care for her. Something I can't see Sandi and Tiffany doing.

Stacy: Quinn, in all my life I never met someone who cares so much as you, you
might hide it under a thick layer of shallowness but I can see it, you have a
lot of love that you've haven't used yet in your heart. And I do too, when you
wanted to stay over (in "Gifted") and I told you about you being my best
friend, I meant every word of it and I wanted to please you by doing all you
wanted me to do............I ........I love you.

Quinn looks up and smiles, but there is still some hesitation.

Quinn: I'm not quite sure that I'm ready for this, this is my first time.

Stacy: Mine too, I guess this is why we never went steady with guys.

Quinn: And honestly, I never really liked them at all.

Stacy: I was really fed up about this dating game we played.

Quinn: So was I........ (A long second of silence) Of course we could always
quit the fashion club.

Stacy: But where would we get our funding from?

Quinn: By selling the clothes we never wear again.

Quinn wants to give Stacy a kiss on the cheek but Stacy wants to do the same
and they end up kissing each other on the lips.

Stacy: (Blushing) Whoops.

Quinn: Uhhh, yeah.

They just smile to each other.

The next day, at Lawndale high.

Kevin: (o.s.) OUCH!

Sandi walks up to the fashion club looking angry, a quick flashback to the
night before shows us why.

Kevin shows up at the Griffin's house, wearing his football attire, Sam and
Chris are letting him in.

Sam: Hey Kevin, you here to date Sandi?

Kevin: Yeah.

Chris: She's not ready yet, why don't you just teach us some tactics while
waiting?

Kevin: Okay, cool.

Sam and Chris: (High five to each other) YESSS!

A few hours has passed, Sandi has been waiting all this time for Kevin to show
up. She suddenly hears a window breaking and looks outside to see Kevin
playing football with her brothers. Sandi lets out a loud groan.

Sandi: (Back in the present) That insensitive JERK! He is worse then UpChuck.

Tiffany: No wonder only Brittany will date him.

Stacy: Jocks, pfah.

Quinn: Yeah really.

Daria and Jane are stopping just around the corner to overhear the
conversation from the fashion club members, eager to hear something about
Quinn and Stacy dating each other.

Quinn: My date with Steve was really the best date so far, (Stacy giggles) I
guess I finally found somebody who really sees me for who I am.

Jane: (Whispering to Daria.) A shallow and superficial vain girl with lesbian
interests?

Daria: I guess so.

Stacy: Quincy was really sweet to me, he wanted to give me a kiss on the cheek
when I wanted to do the same and we almost ended up making out.

The fashion club starts giggling.

Daria: Oh man, I think I need some fresh air.

A few hours later, Sandi and Tiffany have long gone and Quinn and Stacy are at
Quinn's room at the Morgendorffer residence.

Stacy: I can't believe how shallow they were, they bought the whole thing.

Quinn: Hey you don't know what they are doing when we are not around.

Stacy: Do you really think...?

They both try to imagine Sandi and Tiffany kissing each other.

Both: NAAAAAHHH......

Quinn: I guess they both will be having the boys scattered around them.

Stacy: That reminds me, why do you keep Joey, Jeffy and Josef around you all
the time.

Quinn: (Blushing) Well I guess......, this is going to be stupid but it's
mostly out of perverse satisfaction of commanding them around.

Stacy: (Evil grin) Oooh, the Mistress and the slaves.........

Quinn: (Giggling) Back off, you...

She then shoves Stacy who playfully shoves Quinn back, they do this for
several moments before Stacy makes a mistake and accidentally grabs Quinn's
left breast. They both look stunned but soon they are giggling again with
Stacy now spooning both of Quinn's breasts.

Quinn: (Seductively) Do you like what you're feeling?

Stacy: Other then my own, these are the first breasts that I'm touching now,
it's really an amazing experience.

Quinn: Not only for you that is.. (She reaches out and starts spooning Stacy's
Breasts.)

Stacy: (Moans) Damn, you're good!

Quinn: (Grabbing Stacy tight to kiss her) You have no idea.........

A few hours later, Daria walks past Quinn's room.

Daria: Strange, I 've seen her get home and she hasn't gone on a date, then
why Can't I hear her telephoning or grooming herself up?

Curiously Daria opens up the door to peep in, seeing Quinn and Stacy, both
barely clothed, sitting on Quinn's bed, both looking warned out. Stacy, her
braids tangled out and a satisfied smirk on her face breaks the silence.

Stacy: Oh man I never in my life felt so,.......relieved.

Quinn: Yeah, that was wonderful. I never thought that I would
really...............Do it.

Stacy: Yeah me too, all those guys I've dated have tried to make me get laid.

Quinn: Yeah, but I fear that their efforts will be in vain now.

Stacy: (Giggling) Too bad............, for them.

They start kissing again, Daria silently retreats and goes directly into the
shower.

Daria: This was far more then I wanted to know.

The very next day at the Lane residence, Jane is painting a picture of a
wedding cake with two brides on top of it, one has Quinn's face and the other
has Stacy's.

Daria: (in utter awe) I still can't reach it, Quinn the girl who dated almost
all the guys in school has turned out to be a lesbian.

Jane: Kind to think, she could have started dating Ms. Barch.

Daria: (Repulsed) Give-me-a-break!

Jane: So Stacy said that girls kiss better then boys, A?

Daria: What do you mean?

Jane: Tom told me that his last girlfriend said that he kissed like a girl.

Daria: (Smiling) I guess he should be honored by that remark.

Jane: (Curiously) But I really like to know, how girl's kisses really feel.

Daria: You'd kiss the same way as Trent.

Jane: I would? Wait a minute, how would you know Trent's way of kissing?

Daria: (Caught) Oh, uh, nothing.

Jane: So that's why you and Trent always vanish when we're at the Zen.

Daria: Really, nothing at all.

Jane smiles evilly.

Jane: Well let's find out shall we?

Daria: Stay away from me!

The next weeks are passing by in a hush, Stacy and Quinn are spending more and
more time together spending less time with the other fashion club members.
Although shallow Sandi isn't too stupid to notice and pretty soon the
suspicions are rising.

Sandi: (to Tiffany) Like what is it with Quinn and Stacy, they have been
acting very weird, they constantly look at each other, are always going
shopping without us and they both started to wear those strange neck laces
with the feminine sign.

Tiffany: Yeah.........That is sooooo weird.

Sandi: We like got to set up a spying center or something to keep an eye on
them, if you talk to the guys on the left wing of the school then I will talk
to the ones in the right wing.

Jane walks by and over hears the whole conversation, she then rushes over to
Stacy.

Jane: Stacy, I've got something to tell you.

After explaining herself to Stacy, Jane tells her about the scheme that the
fashion club is planning.

Stacy: Thanks for telling me Jane. Let's meet here again during lunch break,
Quinn and I need to plan a counter offence.

Jane: In that case I guess I should bring Daria and Jodie as well.

Stacy: Okay, meet us at the library, that is the last place where Sandi
expects us to be.

As Stacy and Quinn are walking from class to class, they can't fail to notice
how every boy in school stares at them.

Quinn: (Whispering) Boy, Jane wasn't kidding, Sandi really is suspicious.

Stacy: How will we ever survive this, I'm scared Quinn.

Quinn: Do you know that song "Why" from (Eighties band) "Bronsky beat", it
describes our situation.

Stacy: (Singing) "You and me together fighting for our love". I have a gay
Cousin who gave me that record.

Quinn: I will be there for you Stacy.

They turn into the Girl's room and kiss.

Stacy: Thank you Quinn, I really love you.

But as they turn to leave a familiar face turns up in one of the lockers,
carrying a silent digital camera.

Upchuck: I know a little feisty lady who will pay me a lot of money for these
pictures. Rrrrrroowwwrrrrrr....

A little while later are our heroes at the school library.

Jodie: Tell me something about prejudice, I know all about it.

Stacy: We haven't told anything, how could they have found out?

Daria: You maybe haven't said anything but your body language towards each
other spoke otherwise, you are acting like,.........well ,two people in love
and everybody can see it.

Quinn: Stacy and I were both thinking about leaving the fashion club but it's
far from easy.

Jodie: I once saw this documentary about a guy who was a member of the Ku Klux
Klan and he saw his mistakes eventually but he couldn't leave the Klan that
easily.

Stacy: Sandi will cut us down to size when she finds out.

Jane: You can try to avoid her by going places she and her personal waitress
never will go.

Quinn: And where would that be?

The Zen Friday night, we see an extreme close up of the body of a white Gibson
Les Paul guitar as two female hands with one chrome tube on the left pinky
come into sight and start to play the slide (and badly out of tune) intro of
Janis Joplins' sixties hit "Ball and chain". The camera goes up to show us who
the player is, it is none other then Trent's ex-girlfriend Monique, who is
performing live with her band "The harpies." In the audience are our heroes
and Stacy and Quinn who are both disguised to blend in with the crowd. Stacy
has her hair loose and is wearing the "Fashion don't" outfit from the "monster
episode." Quinn is wearing a black blazer and skirt and a brown leather
jacket.

Quinn: (Cringing) Arrrh, this is so badly out of tune!

Trent: Yeah she really masters this song.

Daria: At least she knows her classics.

Stacy: And all I can play on a guitar is "nothing else matters".

Trent: Yeah, the guitar tune for all people who can't play guitar. I'm going
to get some drinks, you coming Daria?

Daria: Sure.

Stacy: Where are they up to?

Tom: Believe me, you don't want to know.

Quinn looks over her shoulder and sees Daria's hand going up Trent's back.

Quinn: You were right about that, far right.

Stacy: Why did you bring us here, I feel a little out of place.

Jane: Look around you and tell me what you're seeing.

Quinn: I see Punks, college kids, skinheads, rasta's.........

Jane: That's why I brought you here, In the Zen people don't care who you are.
And there is someone I would like you to meet.

Quinn: Who?

Jane: Just wait until the Harpies have finished their performance.

A few minutes later after the Harpies have left the stage another band goes on
stage.

Jane: Meet J.A.W.S. one of Lawndale's most controversial bands.

Quinn: So what, they just look like all of the other "alternative" bands, just
four guys in crummy clothes.

Trent: (Who together with Daria re-joins them at the table) That's where you
are wrong, take a good look at the singer.

The singer, a handsome looking young guy with long black hair, pale skin,
small glasses and loose fitting clothes appears on stage.

Singer: Hi people of the Zen, we are John, Arnold, Wesley, Simon.

J.A.W.S Launches in the a ferocious version of AC/DC's "Back in black",
Wesley, the singer wields a red guitar with dollar coins glued on it and sings
in a stunning Brian Johnson impression.

Wesley: Back in black, I hit the sack, I've been gone too long and I'm glad to
be back, Yes, I'm footloose, from the news......

Quinn: What is it that makes this guy special, he looks pretty good though, he
isn't badly shaven like the other guys in his band.

Daria: Do you know what a transvestite is?

Quinn: Oh yeah, Jerry Springer has them on his show all the time.

Daria: Wesley is the exact opposite.

Stacy: What are you talking about?

Trent: Wesley Hunt was born as Wendy Michelle Hunter.

Stacy and Quinn look in astonishment at Wesley, unable to believe that they
are looking at a girl performing.

Trent: I've known her since childhood, she never did feminine things and
always hung around guys, who started to call her Wesley because she hated her
real name. She lived her life as a boy, never wore dresses and never did
"girly" things like Horse riding or tennis.

Stacy: I don't believe it, she looks, acts and talks like a guy.

Jane: I've told her about your problem and she will provide you with a
solution.

Quinn: Really, how?

Jane: You'll see....

Meanwhile at the Griffin residence.

Sandi: (on the telephone) What do you want from me Charles?

Upchuck: I've got some photographic material you have to see, check your
E-mail box and you'll find out what I'm talking about.

Sandi: You've found out what has been going on between Quinn and Stacy?

Upchuck: Right you are, but it won't be cheap.

Sandi: Two hundred Dollars?

Upchuck: You've got yourself a deal toots.

Sandi: All right, you will get your money tomorrow and take this advice.

Upchuck: I'm listening.

Sandi: Drop the James Bond act, it is sooo obsolete.

Upchuck: H'mm, I never saw it that way.....

Sandi: Nevermind.

Sandi rushes over to her computer to check on her E-mail box to find a file
called "Lesbian feistiness" Sandi opens it and begins to laugh out loud in the
most evil of all ways.

Sandi: I was still searching for a way to kick Quinn out of the fashion club
and completely ruin her life and here it is!

The next morning at the Morgendorffer residence, Helen is opening an express
letter.

Helen: OH-MY-LORD! QUINN COME HERE THIS INSTAND!

Quinn: What is the matter Mom?

Helen: (Shaking, but not with anger) I received a letter from your friend
Sandi Griffin, with this picture in it.

Quinn looks at the picture and screams.

Helen: Quinn, please tell me is this picture genuine or fake.

Quinn: ( Deeply sobbing.) It,.....is real mom, that Steve guy I've been
talking about is Stacy. We discovered that we really love each other more then
just as friends.

Helen: But why didn't you tell us?

Quinn: I was afraid of your reaction, it isn't every day that your daughter
tells you she's gay.

Daria: (walking in) Furthermore, giving her age and status at Lawndale high it
would ruin her life if it became public. I found out about her sexuality a few
weeks back and know that Stacy and Quinn truly love each other. In a way it
has turned them both into what they feared the most, outcasts.

Quinn: So Stacy and I came up with the story that we were both dating guys
with names that resemble our own, Stacy dated "Quincy" and I Dated "Steve".

Helen: But Quinn, you know we're open minded, we don't care who you're loving
as long as you're happy.

Daria: Correction Mom, YOU are open minded, Dad will have a stroke when he
hears about this.

Helen: Yes, it would be better if he didn't know.

Quinn: And Sandi is going to pay for this.


Mr. O'Neill's class some time later.

O'Neill: So for today our topic will be prejudice, I want each of you to write
an essay about prejudice and its effect on daily life. Has anyone something to
say about this topic, Quinn how about you?

Quinn: Well try to imagine two popular girls who discover that they have
lesbian interests in each other but can't come out because they are afraid of
the reactions from the people they thought were their friends. Due to
prejudice they will never be truly happy.

O'Neill: Well that is a really good example, where did you come up with that
one?

Quinn: By looking around.

O'Neill: Now let us talk some more about...

Black girl: (Whispering to Quinn and Stacy.) So it's true then?

Stacy: What do you mean?

Girl: Jodie told us about the scheme Sandi was working out against you and the
whole black community is supporting you because we know what prejudice is
capable of doing.

Quinn: Thank you, uh...

Sheena: Sheena.

Stacy: Thank you Sheena.

Sheena: Minorities have to stick together, go the way your hearts tell you
Sisters.

Quinn: At least I now have the courage to face Sandi, she will not win this
war she started.

Sheena: Just know that when you do, there will be a lot of people supporting
you.

Later that day, the fashion club assembles with two other girls sitting in as
well. But soon after the meeting has started the tables around them are slowly
being filled by black boys and girls along with a few Asian kids and Daria and
Jane.

Sandi: (Like a witch from a fairy tale) Quinn, Stacy, I hereby expel you both
from the fashion club. Elaine and Brooke (Who looks like her old self again)
will be replacing you as vice president and secretary.

Stacy: (Faux shock) But why?

Sandi: Because of THIS! (Shows them the picture.) This type of behavior is
UNACCEPTABLE in the fashion club.

Quinn: Why, were we wearing the wrong outfits?

Sandi goes red.

Stacy: No Quinn I think she meant that we shouldn't have kissed in the
bathroom.

Sandi starts to fume.

Quinn: Oh now I get it, I didn't place my hand at your butt when we kissed.
Sorry about that Sandi, we promise that we will get it right next time we
kiss.

Stacy: Isn't it insane, firing us because we didn't kiss the right way.

Sandi explodes.

Sandi: HOW THE HELL CAN YOU TALK LIKE THAT, YOU ARE MISSING THE POINT
COMPLETELY! I WON'T ACCEPT LESBIANS IN MY CLUB!

Quinn: How come, we are still wearing what you tell us to wear and are still
going out with the popular boys.

Stacy: However, what we do besides that is none of your business, (to Quinn)
isn't it "Babe"?

Sandi: (Growling) I WILL DISTROY YOU, YOU DIRTY LITTLE SLUTS.

Quinn: Besides, we decided to leave the club a few weeks back, (Suddenly
ferocious) BECAUSE WE WOULDN'T WANT TO GIVE YOU THE PLEASURE OF THROWING US
OUT!

Stacy: AND WE ARE WHO WE ARE, BETTER ACCEPT THAT.

A big applause from the black people as well from Daria and Jane is heard.

Sandi: KEEP OUT OF THIS!

Jodie: No, we support Stacy and Quinn and keep them from ignorant people such
as you.

Sandi: And why are you doing that, are you a queer too?

Jodie: (grim) No, we are the minority in Lawndale high, we stand up for each
other, weather you're African/American, Asian, Latino or regular outcasts.
(Daria and Jane come forward both looking grim and with arms folded tight on
their chests.) We stand up for minorities because we know prejudice and its
side effects.

Sandi: What ever,(Going back to Quinn and Stacy) just remember that this isn't
over yet.

Quinn: You are right about that Sandi, it has only begun.

Quinn and Stacy kiss each other in front of Sandi, the minorities smile in
encouragement.

Stacy: Please tell us Sandi, did we get it right this time?

Sandi groans and winks the fashion club to leave.

Quinn: Man, that felt good, I really needed that.

Daria: Raging over bitches like Sandi or Jerks like Upchuck is one of life's
few pleasures, you should try it more often.

Stacy: (Venomous) Speaking of Upchuck......

Upchuck is changing his books in his locker when he suddenly notices Quinn and
Stacy's presence, they look at him with eyes of fire.

Upchuck: Well if it isn't the feisty lesbian girls, are you craving a man
after all?

Growling and hissing like two cats they attack, a few noises are heard and
suddenly it stops. Daria and Jane come over.

Quinn: Good riddance of bad dust.

Daria: But where did you leave Upchuck?

A muffled sound comes out of his locker.

Upchuck: (Trying to speak with his camera shoved in his mouth.) Helhk, lek he
ouh o' he'e!

Jane: I never thought I'd be saying this but Quinn finally did something
right.

"Type"from living colour starts to play as we can see Sandi at her computer
printing out the picture that Upchuck made, she does this a couple of times.

"Stereo type, mono type, blood type, are you my type?"

Sandi is seen handing out the picture to people.

"Minimalism, abstract-expressionism, post modernism, is it?"

Quinn and Stacy in Physical education class, Ms. Morris is making them do
squad thrusts to "get them straight again."

"We are the children of concrete and steel..."

Joey, throwing a brick through Quinn's window.

"...This is the place where the truth is conceled..."

Physical education class again, this time after class, Quinn and Stacy lie
bruised and bleeding in the showers after being mobbed by some of the other
girls in class.

"...This is the time when the lie is revealed.."

A waiter from Chez Pierre refuses to let Quinn and Stacy in telling them "This
is a very formal establishment, not a Gay bar."

"Everything is possible but nothing is real. "

Stacy and Quinn lying in each other's arms and crying.

"We are the children of concrete and steel..."

Helen calling Ms. Li and telling her about the situation, Ms. Li responds by
telling her she approves Ms. Morris' attitude and that kissing is forbidden in
the halls of Lawndale high.

"This is the place where your fate has been sealed..."

Ms. Li expelling Quinn and Stacy, Helen and Mrs. Rowe starting a court case
against Ms. Li.

"...this is the time when your life is revealed..."

Quinn trying to get a job at the mall, the Manager looks at Quinn, takes out
the picture and tells her to look elsewhere.

"EVERYTHING IS POSSIBLE BUT NOTHING IS REAL."

Quinn walking with Daria to a bookstore in Dega street and getting a job, the
Manager, who knows Jodie Landon, shows compassion for Quinn's situation.

End of the song.

The Zen Friday night, Quinn and Stacy are sitting in with Daria, Trent and
Jane.

Quinn: I never knew that all of this was possible, here I am, sitting in a
grunge club and feeling totally at home, my former life as a popular girl
seems so far away and yet it only has been a month back when Stacy and I
started dating.

Daria: The biggest change of all was that we finally have some common ground
and that the life long hostilities we've had are finally done.

Quinn: I really agree with that Daria, I owe you a lot for standing up for me
and helping me in finding a job.

Daria: You are my kid-sister and a fellow outcast, it seemed to be my duty.

Jane: And how are you holding up Stacy?

Stacy: My mother arranged a job for me at the second-hand clothes shop "Funky
Doodle". Since Sandi decided to avoid that shop, she couldn't have told them
of me being gay. I told them myself and they didn't mind.

Quinn: (Shallow voice.) The "Funky Doodle" that place which sells geeky
clothes? That is soooo wrong! (Laughs)

Stacy: (Pretends to hyperventilate) Oh no, what if Sandi finds out? (Laughs)

Jane: (laughing) They finally see the humor in their old ethics.

Quinn: Speaking of which, how are the things at school?

Daria: After being stuck inside his locker for two days, Upchuck was finally
rescued and he is back to his old self again, unfortunately. Sandi and her
newly reformed fashion club are terrorizing the halls again in the same way
like they did when you were still part of them.

Stacy: Isn't it funny, Sandi fired us because we are lesbians, but she makes
those new kids kiss her ass all the time.

Jane: (snickering) But, that won't for long, Tiffany has spoken with Jodie
about joining the "Minorities". She told her that she felt sorry for the two
of you and that she has quite enough of Sandi bossing her around and calling
her "chimp" most of the time.

Quinn: Good old back stabbing Tiffany.

Wesley joins them.

Wesley: Hey Trent, Daria, Jane, are these the girls you've told me about?

Daria: Meet my sister Quinn Morgendorffer and her girlfriend Stacy Rowe.

Wesley: Pleased to meet you.

Quinn: Yeah.

Stacy: Hello.

Wesley: Well what can I do for you?

Wesley gets to hear the whole story, about Stacy and Quinn flirting, to them
falling in love and all the events in the aftermath. Wesley frowns in anger.

Wesley: Man, how could she do that, the dirty little bitch.

Stacy: So you'll help us right?

Wesley: It will be my pleasure, being a girl and lesbian myself, I know how to
get to her.

Quinn: How did the people of your school reacted about your sexuality?

Wesley: They didn't, I looked like a boy, acted like a boy, dressed like a boy
so they saw me and my girlfriend as just a straight couple even her parents
didn't know I wasn't a boy.

Stacy: You got off easy.

Wesley: Not really, My mother never understood, she took me to a therapy for
six years trying to talk some sense into me. My father on the other hand, was
delighted. I was the son he never had, we always went to football games
together and did the things that Fathers do with their sons, like going
fishing and going on survival trips during vacation. But school was a real
hell for me, the other girls always had it in for me. That was when I decided
to check out the boys who were so nice to me and they, because they didn't
know I was a girl started calling me "Wesley". I just stuck to that name ever
since.

Trent: She always liked to play it differently.

The next day at Lawndale high, a tall and Skinny guy with long black hair worn
in a long ponytail walks along the halls, or so it appears. Sandi, looking for
a date, spots him.

Sandi: Hi, are you new here?

Wesley: No I'm searching for a friend of mine who has to be around here, do
you know Daria Morgendorffer?

Sandi: No, I'm sorry, but let me show you around.

Wesley: All right.

They walk past Daria and Jane who smirk at Wesley who has accomplished her
mission.

"BI" from Living colour starts to play as the weeks pass by.

"Well adriend of a friend of a friend told me..."

We see Wesley and Sandi dining at Chez Pierre, Sandi is clearly developing a
crush on this "guy".

"Everybody's messed up with their sexuality."

Sandi and the other fashion club members, sans Tiffany, are sitting in at a
J.A.W.S. rehearsal.

"Well a friend of a friend of a friend of a friend told me..."

We now see Quinn working at the bookstore, her attire has changed, she stopped
wearing make up and is wearing a black skirt and a dark blue wool sweater.
(Not unlike the outfit the adult Daria wore in "write where it hurts".)

"I need a closet big enough to live in, a closet for the whole world to fit
in..."

We now see Stacy at work in the "Funky Doodle", she also stopped wearing her
usual attire. She now has her hair in one single braid running down her back
and is wearing brown rib-pants and a lumberjack blouse.

"Everybody wants you when you're bi..."

Jane and Stacy are painting with Quinn as model, their paintings show us Quinn
as Joan of ark (Jeanne D'arc) in a body armor triumphing over Sandi.

"Chilling with the girls and eyeing on the guys..."

Daria and Quinn clothes shopping in Dega street.

"Everybody needs you when you're bi..."

Helen and Mrs. Rowe in the courtroom during their case against Ms. Li, Ms.
Li's attorney can't save her from a "guilty" verdict.

"But the attention and the passion never let me by."

Sandi kissing Wesley and telling "him" she loves "him", Wesley
smiles............evilly.

The Zen, later that month.

Wesley: I can't believe how gullible she is, she believed everything I told
her.

Daria: So, when will you tell her?

Wesley: Better yet I will show her, tomorrow night, when she takes me to
lover's lane.

Quinn: Too bad I won't be able to see her face when that happens.

Jodie: (Walking in) Yes you will, I've made a clandestine call to Upchuck and
told him about this and promised to pay him 200 dollars if he shoots it.

Jane: And after Ms. Li's removal of principal and Ms. De Foe taking her place,
you will be reinstated as students of Lawndale High school.

Trent: Let's toast to that.

They raise their glasses of soda and toast to their victory.

All: TO HELL WITH PREJUDICE!

The Morgendorffer residence, later that night, Quinn and Stacy are coming in.

Jake: Ah Quinn, Stacy I really wanted to tell you something.

Quinn: (Worried) Yes Dad?

Jake: Your mothers, yes Mrs. Rowe too, told me about your relationship and how
afraid they were for my reaction, I know it isn't everyday that you find out
that your Daughter is gay. But I know a happy person when I see one and you
are the happiest person I've seen in a long time. You are finally at peace
with Daria and are going clothes shopping with her, you have survived an
onslaught of meaningless violence against you and to top it all off you gave
me a wonderful Daughter in law, well not yet but who knows. I just want to say
that I'm proud of you.

Stacy lets out a tear of happiness.

Jake and Quinn hug.

Stacy and Quinn enter Quinn's room and smile.

Stacy: Well I guess this marks a new beginning since we both survived the
ordeal. We've seen it all and done it all so what's next?

Quinn: Happiness.

THE END







(Well almost)

Sandi: Let me take off your shirt.

Wesley: I'll be pleased to.

Sandi: What, why are you wearing a bra?

Wesley: Oh, haven't I told you my real name, it is Wendy.

Sandi: (Shrieking) NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!

Upchuck suddenly pops up and takes a picture.
