Longing 
By Mockingbird Grrl 

Scene 1 opens with Daria and Jane lying spread out on the floor of the Lane's living
room. An interesting episode of (what else?) Sick, Sad World is blaring across the
television, only to be interrupted by a Fuzzy Wuzzy Weebits commercial. 

Jane: So...um, well... 

Daria: What? This comemrcial isn't *that* awkward. 

Jane: Well, you see, um... 

Daria: Come on, Jane. What are you talking about? 

Jane: (Blurting it out real fast) Trent's got a girlfriend! 

Daria: (a look of shock and pain crosses her face quickly, only to be replaced with her
usual apathatic expression) So? Am I supposed to care? 

Jane: Oh, come off it, Daria. Both you and I know you've been in love with my brother
since the time he drove us to Brittany's party. Of course you should care. You should be
heartbroken. 

Daria: Since when do I have a heart? 

Jane: Fine, fine. If that's the way you want to act, so be it. But I figured you'd at least
want to know who your new worst enemy is. 

Daria: Well, I don't. 

(Long pause in which neither of them say anything) 

Daria: Ok, enlighten me. 

Jane: (smiles) Andrea. 

Daria: You've got to be kidding me. 

Jane: I kid you not. I was as suprised as you when I found out, but according to Trent
they're perfect for each other. 

Daria: It's perfectly disgusting if you ask me. I think I'm going to have to go use your
bathroom and vomit. 

Jane: Ah, come on. You should be happy for Andrea. Who ever thought she'd be perfect
for anything, let alone anybody? 

Daria: Shut up, Jane. If someone like her can get Tr...I mean, a boyfriend, then what's left
for someone like me? Upchuck? 

Jane: Try calling him Charles. It gives you a much better sense of dignity. Or at least
leaves you with a fraction of something that resembles dignity. (smirks) 

(Jane looks at Daria jokingly, but the look she is greeted with is beyond Daria's usual
expressionless facade tinted with anger. Her face is all red, her eyes are flashing, and she
looks like she's capable of murder.) 
  
  

Jane: Daria, I'm joking. (forces a laugh) See? 
  

Daria: (angry and sarcastic) Ha ha. 

(Jane's about ready to say something when she's interrupted by Trent, who comes running
into the room) 

Trent: Janey, have you seen my lucky pic anywhere? We're playing at the pub tonight and
I really need that pic. (smiles) Oh, hey Daria. 

Jane: I'm afraid I haven't seen it, Trent. And though I'd love to help you look for it, as I'm
sure Daria would too (an angry glare from Daria at this), we've got to get going. 

(The two get up to leave the room, but Trent stops them) 

Trent: Providing that I find that pic, we'll be playing at McGrundy's tonight at 8:00. You
guys gonna come? 

Jane: (at the same time as Daria) Sure. 

Daria: (at the same time as Jane) No! 

(Both Trent and Jane look at Daria) 

Daria: (stammering, searching for something to say) I, um, uh...I've got this family thing.
It's one of those things that you can never get out of. 

Trent: (seemingly oblivious to Daria's torment) Yeah, I know what you mean. Well, you
guys better get going so Daria's home in time for that "thing." You wouldn't want to miss
that. (laughs softly, which automatically leads to a coughing spasm) 

Daria and Jane exit before he can recover and say anything else. As they leave, Daria
looks particularly downcast and Jane keeps glancing at her worriedly. 
  
  

Scene 2 opens in Daria's room. Daria sits rigidly on the bed while Jane lies sprawled out
on the floor. Again, they are watching Sick, Sad World. 

Jane: So, what's this family thing that's keeping you from coming to see Trent play? 

Daria: (dismally, with her eyes cast down) There is no family thing, I made it up. 

Jane: Big surprise there. 

(Daria looks up at Jane and for a minute it looks like there are tears in Daria's eyes, but
she looks away too quickly for Jane to be sure) 

Jane: Why won't you come? Trent wants you to. 

Daria: No he doesn't. 

Jane: Yes he does. 

Daria: No he doesn't. 

Jane: YES, HE DOES. (smiles) Really. 

Daria: (almost in tears) Why would he want me to come, Jane? He has Andrea to obsess
over him now. 

Jane: Andrea? Obsess over him? Think of who we're talking about here. Wait a minute.
Are you actually admitting that YOU used to obsess over Trent? (smiles) Meaning that
you like him? 

Daria: (smiles through her now evident tears) Oh, come off it, Jane. Both you and I know
I've been in love with your brother since the time he drove us to Brittany's party. 
  

Jane: True, but I'm just amazed that you admitted it. 

Daria Morgendorffer actually has feelings. It's astounding. 

Daria: Shut up, Jane. It had to happen sometime. But I must admit, I feel really weird.
Like I'm almost happy. 

Jane: (laughs) You're in love. That's what it's like. 

Daria: (soft smile) And you would know? 

Jane: (grins evily) I don't know about love, but I'm sure you know what I mean. 

Daria: One word... 

Daria and Jane simultaneously: Jesse. 

Daria: Do you think that you really love him though? I mean, aren't you afraid that you'll
turn into some mushy romantic or even worse, like Quinn? 

Jane: Nah. Love's different for everyone I guess. Never once have I had the urge to buy
Jesse a box of chocolates or something as a sign of my love, even though I do love him.
(adopts a Quinnesque tone and twirls her hair around her finger) But... 

(Daria throws a pillow at her and they both end up laughing. Daria laughing? Strange
concept, I know, but it had to happen sometime *s*) 

Daria: (sad and half-teary-eyed again) But what about Andrea? Just because I've finally
admitted that I like Trent doesn't mean that will change anything. 
  

Jane: (smiling) That's the best part. I made that all up. See, Trent told me a night or so
ago that he liked you, but he wasn't sure how you felt about him so he wasn't going to ask
you out. I knew you liked him, but he wouldn't believe me until I came up with proof. So
I made up that thing about him and Andrea so that you'd finally admit that you liked him.
(looks at Daria who seems to be getting angry) What's wrong, Daria? Trent's all yours
now. The whole thing about Andrea wasn't true. I mean, come on, it's Andrea were
talking about here. 

Daria: (angrily and tight-lipped) That's the thing. You lied to me and purposely screwed
with my emotions for no reason. You couldn've just told me that Trent liked me and then
I would've told you how I felt about him. 

Jane: But, Daria...I couldn't. Trent made me promise I wouldn't come out and say that he
liked you... 

Daria: (interrupting her) So Trent's in on this too? 

Jane: No, it was all me. Trent just told me that he liked you and didn't know what to do
about it and I took it from there. Trent had nothing to do with it. Daria, why are you so
mad? I was trying to help you and I did! You can go out with Trent now, as soon as I tell
him what you said. 

Daria: But you lied to me. If Trent was too scared to tell me how he felt, you should've
just left it alone. In time, he might've been able to tell me himself and I would have
appreciated and enjoyed that a lot more than...than this. Get out of my house, Jane. I
don't want to talk to you, I don't want to see you, I don't want to know you. That goes
for Trent, too. For all I know, you could be lying about him as well. Hell, you could be
lying for him, he's probably just as involved in this as you are. 

Jane: But, Daria... 

Daria: (interrupting her) Just get out, Jane. 

Daria turns her back to Jane who walks out the door fighting back tears, but she doesn't
succeed. By the time she reaches her house, she's bawling her eyes out. Trent opens the
door to go load stuff into his car, sees the mess she's in, and doesn't know what to do. So
he just holds her as Jane begins to tell him, inbetween sobs, everything that happened. 

Scene 3 opens with Jane and Trent still standing on the Lane's porch, the door partway
open. Trent is standing half in the house and half out, his arms encircled around his sister
as she cries. 

Trent: (Holding her tight and stroking her hair softly) It's alright, Janey. Everything's going
to be alright. I promise. 

Jane: (still crying, her words come out choked and crackly) But how, Trent? How's
everything going to be alright? I just did a completely unforgivable thing and Daria...she
hates me. My only friend hates me. And now, because of me and my stupid idea, she
probably hates you too. (starts crying even harder) I'm sorry, Trent. I'm really sorry. 

Trent: (continues to hold her tight and speak to her in soft tones) Don't be sorry, Janey.
You don't have anything to be sorry for. If anything, I should be apologizing. I'm the one
who screwed everything up by deciding one day that I wanted to date your best friend. I
at least should've told her myself instead of letting you take things into your own hands. 

Jane: But you didn't know I'd... 

Trent: (interrupting her) Yeah I did, Janey. I'm your brother, I know how your mind
works. I knew you'd think of some way to set us up. But instead of stopping you or
talking to Daria myself, I just sat back and waited for you to figure it out. Now she
probably hates me... 

Jane: (crying) And that's my fault, Trent. If it weren't for me... 

Trent: Janey, quit blaming yourself. It's not your fault. None of this is. I was about to say
that the reason she's mad at me is probably because I didn't have the nerve to tell her
how I felt about her myself. That and her confused anger at you probably contributed to it
some. But don't worry, Janey. I'll fix everything. I promise. I'll go over there right now
and talk to Daria and hopefully things will start to look better for both of us. (tilts her head
up and wipes away some of her tears) Alright? 

Jane: No, it's not alright. If you go over there now you won't make it to McGrundy's in
time for the gig. You can talk to Daria later. The band comes first. 

Trent: But, Janey... 

Jane: No, Trent. If you want to make me happy, go to the gig. The band needs you and
that's where you should be. We'll both go and talk to Daria later. (notices Trent's unsure
look) This is what I want. 

Trent: Alright, if you say so. I have to go...um, drive down to Jesse's quick. I want to see
if my lucky pic's over there. Why don't you go wash your face or something, and when I
get back we'll go to the pub. 

Jane: Okay. (Trent starts to leave but she stops him, smiling) 

Trent? 

Trent: Yeah? 

Jane: Do I really look that bad? 

Trent: Do you want the truth? 

Jane: No, I don't think I can handle the truth right now. 

Trent: Then you look great. (smiles and winks at her) I'll be back soon. 

Trent gets into his car after giving his sister a quick hug. As he drives away, millions of
thoughts are running through his mind. Thoughts of how much he loves his sister and how
he hates to see her upset. Thoughts of Daria, who's probably just as confused as he is
right now. He also thinks of how much he loves Daria and how everything that's
happened is mostly his fault, and how some if it's Daria's. He thinks of how he knows that
Daria's probably at home now with no one to talk to. She's probably crying too, and she
doesn't have anyone there who cares about her, just her crazy father, her ditzy sister, and
her over-worked mom. Instead of heading to Jesse's house, Trent turns onto the street
that leads to the Morgendorffer's. 

Scene 4 opens with Trent pulling into the driveway in front of Daria's house with Quinn
peering out the window curiously. As soon as she sees Trent she jumps to her feet to
answer the door. 

(Trent rings the doorbell just as Quinn opens the door) 

Quinn: Hi! I'm Quinn, remember me? You're that weird girl's brother, right? 

(Before he can answer Quinn starts talking animatedly again. On second thought, of
course she talks animatedly, she's a cartoon. *s*) 

Quinn: Look, you have a car, right? Of course you do, that's how you got here! Why
don't we go see a play or go to a fancy restaurant or something. But...(eyeing him
carefully with a tinge of disgust) you're definitely going to have to change clothes first. I
mean, God, you're pants have holes... 

Trent: (interrupting) Hey, could you shut up a minute! I really have to talk to Daria. Is she
home? 

Quinn: You want to talk to Daria? 
  

Trent: Yeah, so could you please... 

Quinn: (interrupting) Daria Morgendorrfer? Ugly hair, stupid glasses, looks like a total
dork? 

Trent: (angry) Yeah, I mean Daria Morgendorrfer, but she doesn't fit that description.
Now, let me in so I can talk to her. 

Quinn: I'm sorry, Trent? But you've definitely got the wrong Daria. (giggles flirtatiously)
Why don't you forget about her and take me for a drive in your car. I can go cancel my
dates, just say the word. 

Trent: (getting really po'ed) Look, I have no interest in you, let alone taking you out on a
date. I came here to see your sister... 

Quinn: (interrupting) Cousin. 

Trent: (continuing) Daria. Now... 

Daria: (offscreen) Trent? 

Trent: (running into the house, practically knocking a very angry-looking Quinn over)
Daria! We have to talk. 

Daria: (now standing in front of him, red-faced and teary-eyed) Yeah, we do. 

Scene 5 opens in Daria's room. Daria sits down on her bed and Trent plops down beside
her, a comfortable distance away. At first neither of them speak, but then they both start
talking rapidly at once. 

Trent: (at the same time as Daria) Daria, I'm really sorry. I never meant for Janey to... 
  

Daria: (at the same time as Trent) Trent, I'm so sorry about Jane, I didn't mean the things
I... 

(both laugh nervously) 

Trent: Go ahead. 

Daria: Look, I'm really sorry about what I said to Jane. That's why you're here, right? I
must have hurt her so much with everything that I said and she didn't deserve it. She was
just trying to help me out and I bit her head off for it. She's the only friend I've got and
now she must hate me. (starts to cry) 

Trent: (smiles softly and moves closer to Daria, putting his arm around her) Hey, it's
alright. You didn't do anything wrong and Janey's not mad at you for it. She's more
worried about you being mad at her. 

Daria: I'm not, she's the one who should be mad because... 

Trent: (softly) Shh...Calm down, Daria. Once I can get you and Janey together, I know
you two will make up. You both hurt each other unintentionally and from the way you've
both been crying and worrying about each other, it's obvious that you care about each
other and still want to be friends, right? 

Daria: Yes, but... 

Trent: No, don't interrupt me. I still have something else to say and whether or not you
want to hear it I don't know. See...um...well, Janey was right. Not about that
girl...Andrea?...but about me liking you. The truth is, I've kind of had a crush on you ever
since we first met and it's seemed like everyday it got worse. (laughs nervously and smiles
at her) You're different than any other girl I've ever met. You're smart, funny, and so
much more. And believe it or not, you're really pretty, especially when you smile, event
though that doesn't happen much I don't know, it's like, when you let your guard down
and just be yourself and not so closed up, I get to see a different side of you. I'd like to
see more of it, err...you, I mean. (strokes her hair) I love you Daria. 
  

Daria: (whispers softly) I love you too, Trent. 

(Trent pulls her closer and they kiss. Kind of awkward at first and softly, and then more
passionately. Trent lowers Daria onto the bed and they're making out pretty steamily
when Quinn walks into the room.) 

Quinn: Trent, one of your friends is here, he says you're running late for...Oh my god.
Daria? 

(The two untangle themselves to explain things to Quinn, who is standing there with her
mouth hanging wide open.) 

Quinn: You? Him? Oh my god... (runs out of the room like she's going to either scream or
cry) 

Trent: (grinning) What's with her? You'd think she never saw a guy and a girl do that
before. 

Daria: Nah. She only seems to be aware of things like that in the first person, not
all-knowing. And the setting usually takes place in the back of a car, not her
sister's...excuse me, cousin's bedroom. 

(Trent laughs and then starts to cough) 

Trent: That's probably Jesse down there. I'm late for the gig. 

Daria: Oh, I'm sorry. 

Trent: (smiling) Don't be. Love comes before work. So does play, for that matter. 

(Daria chuckles) 

Trent: Come on, let's go. You and Janey still have some making up to do. You're coming
to McGrundy's with me, right? 

Daria: Of course. 

Trent: Good, I've got a suprise for you. 

Daria: It can't be any more of a suprise than what just happened now. 

Trent: (smiles) That wasn't a suprise, Daria. That was a dream come true. 

(He pulls her close for another kiss which is interrupted by Jesse.) 

Jesse: (offscreen) Trent, let's go! We're going to be late! 

Trent: (yelling) In a minute! 

Trent: Ready? 

Daria: (Taking his outstretched hand in hers) Yeah. 

Trent and Daria walk downstairs hand-in-hand to both the surprise and delight of Jane
and Jesse, who are standing there similarly. The group heads out to the Tank, Daria and
Jane seperating from the boys to talk. 

Scene 6 opens at McGrundy's, a dark and atmospheric pub. Mystik Spiral are setting up
on-stage with Trent and Jesse goofing off in an immature competition to impress Daria &
Jane, who are sitting at a table near the front. The two girls are obviously friends again,
trading their usual sarcastic comments. 

Jane: I still can't believe you and Trent finally hooked up. I mean, in both senses of the
word, if you know what I mean. 

Daria: Shut up, Jane. 

Jane: And just think, if it weren't for me lying to you and starting a huge fight between us,
it never would've happened. You should be thanking me. 

Daria: I already apologized to you. Isn't that enough? 

Jane: (smiles) I can see love hasn't changed you much. 

Daria: Hey, it's like you said, love's different for everyone. I guess I really haven't changed
that much, I'm just happier, believe it or not. 

Jane: I'll choose "not." Picturing you happy is impossible. Evernmore impossible is
picturing you and Tr... 

Daria: Shut up, Jane. Just shut up. 
  

Jane: (grinning evily and ignoring her protests) I mean, from what you told me, you and
Trent did things I didn't even think you knew existed. Me and Jesse, however, are a
different story. The day you and Trent start to resemble us I'll have to check with your
mom to see if you really are adopted. 
  

Daria: (laughing) That made absolutely no sense 

Jane: I know. But my point is... 

Daria: You actually have a point? 

Jane: Shut up. My point is that I hope you and Trent stay all cute and cuddly like you
were on the way here. Wait a minute, cute and cuddly? You? My brother? That's even
scarier, I take that back. I'd prefer it if you two were more like me and Jesse. 

Daria: Speaking of Jesse and Trent (gestures to stage where the two are involved in a
heated argument,) 

Trent: Shut up, man! You weren't there, so just shut up! Don't talk about her like that! 

Jesse: Oh and it's okay for you to dis me and Janey? I only said that cos that's what I'm
guessing happened cos you won't give me any details. 

Trent: We're onstage in front of tons of people! Like I'm going to tell you every single
detail of what went on between me and Daria right now. 

Max: Hey you guys. The mic's on. 

Jane: Isn't that cute? 

Daria: No comment. 

(The lights dim and the band is introduced. Trent steps up to the mic) 

Trent: Good evening Lawndale. 

(loud cheers) 

Trent: Like the guy just said, we're Mystik Spiral and we're here tonight to change the
way you think about music. 

(They play Ice Box Woman, Behind My Eyelids, From the Futon, a few Doors covers:
La Woman and Light My Fire. The band exits the stage, leaving Trent alone sitting on a
stool with an acoustic guitar) 

Trent: I hope you've enjoyed the show so far. This will be the last song of the night. It's
kind of a cross between a ballad and a poem I once wrote that just seemed to fit
together. I know we usually don't play this kind of music but this song is really important
to me because I wrote it for my girlfriend Daria before we started going out and I was
afraid I'd never get her. It's called Longing. 

(starts to play a soft, melancholy song and sings the following lyrics downcast and tiredly) 

Sitting here silently 

Guitar in hand 

No words come to mind that describe you 

A feeling deep within me 

That may never touch my lips 

Aches to be set free of my heart 

>From the moment I first saw you 

To the last time my eyes met yours 

I knew that you were the one 

That could soothe all my pain 

And be my everything, my only need 

Like a drug I crave you now 

>From the deepest, darkest corner of my heart 

That no one must ever see 

(strums one last chord and looks out into the dark pub as the audience goes wild. His
eyes find Daria's and the two just gaze at each other with such intensity it's almost scary.
As the applause dies down some, the spell is broken and Trent looks away, smiling.) 

Trent: That was probably one of the most meaningful songs I've ever written, but I'm glad
it no longer applies to my life. I've got the girl who it was about and she's sitting at one of
the table near the front. I won't point her out and embarrass her, but I'll say this: Daria, I
love you and I always will. Goodnight. 

(Trent leaves the stage as the crowd cheers again. Daria looks over at Jane and smiles) 

Daria: Maybe I have changed. Maybe not. But if anyone in the world could make me
eternally happy, it'd be Trent. 

Jane: (smirking) How touching. 

Daria: Shut up, Jane. At least I don't have I love Jesse tattoed on my thigh. 

Jane: (shocked) How'd you know about that? 

Daria: (smiles) Just a lucky guess. 

Jane: I bet. Did Trent tell you? But then, how would he know? 
  
  

The two continuing bickering until the boys come out. Trent kisses Daria softly and the
two walk outside holding hands followed by Jesse and Jane, who are arguing about
Jane's tattoo. Normally Daria would have felt inclined to comment, but for the time being
she was satisfied just walking with Trent, not saying a word. They all board the Tank and
head home, stopping at Daria's first. Daria gets out, followed by Trent, who had left his
car there. The van speeds away with Jane and Jesse's arguing still audible. 

Scene 7 opens with Daria and Trent standing against his car in the dark, cold night. 

Daria: I wonder if we'll ever act like that. 

Trent: (laughs softly) I hope not. (pulls her close to him in a hug to keep the two of them
warm) You're not worried about that are you? 

Daria: No, not really. I do enough fighting with the rest of the world as it is. 
  

Trent: (smiles and kisses her forehead) We'll never fight. And if we do, I promise I'll fix
things. 

Daria: (smiles) You're good at that aren't you? 

Trent: I must be. I helped sort things out between you and Janey and you and me today.
That must prove something. 

Daria: (smiling) It proves that you're a good brother and a loving friend. I don't deserve
you. 

Trent: (laughs) Maybe not, but you can have me anyway. (kisses her) 

Daria: (mockingly in between kisses) You're so generous, Trent. What can I ever do to
repay you? 

Trent: Well, since you're offering, you could let me take you out for something to eat. 

Daria: Eat? It's almost 1 o'clock in the morning! 

Trent: Exactly my point. If I'm not sleeping, I'm eating. But if you'd rather go to sleep then
I'm sure we can arrange something. 

(Daria looks at him surprisedly and then with mock horror and shock and pretends to
slap him, which soon leads to the two of them chasing each other around the
Morgendorrfer's front yard laughing. Trent finally catches Daria and they both fall to the
ground in a very suspicious-looking angle right when the porch light comes on.) 

Helen: (standing in the doorway looking angry) Quinn Morgendorrfer, what in the world
are you...Oh, it's you Daria. Well, would you mind introducing me to the young man on
top of you before I get your father out here? 

(the two quickly get up off the ground and stand in front of Helen) 

Daria: (muttering to herself sarcastically) Now I'm really scared. 

(Trent laughs softly and then starts to cough) 

Helen: (hands on hips) What did you say, young lady? 

Daria: Nothing. (looks at Trent aggravatedly and apologetic. He mouths a quick "Don't
worry about it") Mom, this is Trent Lane, Jane's brother. He's the singer for the band we
went to see tonight and he was just driving me home. 

Helen: How nice, but would you mind telling me why the two of you were... 

Trent: (interrupting with a seemingly sheepish smile) That would be my fault, Mrs.
Morgendorrfer. Your daughter and I were kidding around and chasing each other and
when I caught her, we both fell. That was when you opened the door and saw us there. I
know we shouldn't have been horsing around like that this late at night, but we were both
still pretty hyper from tonight's gig. 
  

Helen: That's okay, Trent? (laughs/giggles) I know what it's like to be young and go to
concerts and have flings with musicians. (becomes serious and gives Trent the once over
and says this almost darkly) I know it all too well. (starts talking cheerily again, as if
realizing she may be ruining her daughter's first date) So, are the two of you...an item,
shall we say? 

Trent: Yes, Mrs. Morgendorffer, we are. I was wondering if you'd allow me to take your
daughter out for something to eat. I won't keep her out long, I promise. 

Helen: Not tonight, Trent. I'm afraid Daria and I have to have a talk. But, I'll leave the
two of you alone for a few moments. (looks at Daria sternly) Don't take too long. 

(Helen goes inside, probably to spy out the window.) 

Daria: You're a really good liar and everything, but I'm afraid I'll have to take a raincheck.
Mom undoubtedly can't wait to grill me about every single thing that went on tongiht.
Then she'll get started on you asking how old you are, where you work, when your
birthday is... 

Trent: You think she'll actually ask that? 

Daria: Definitely. 

Trent: What are you going to tell her? 

Daria: Nothing, I guess, because I don't know when your birthday is. 

Trent: (laughs) No, I mean about everything. 

Daria: (smiles and looks up into his eyes) I'll tell her you're a very nice and considerate
friend and that you watch out for me and your little sister. And that I had fun with you
tonight and can't wait to see you again. Either that or I'll tell her you're 21 years old, you
came onto me in my own bedroom, you play in a rock'n'roll band *now that part will
scare her*, and you haven't had a job in your entire life. Both are true, which would you
prefer? 

Trent: (smiles) Well, I'm actually quite proud of both descriptions, but I imagine your
mother wouldn't deal with the latter too well. I love you, Daria. 

Daria: I love you too. 

The two kiss quickly yet tenderly on the lips and Daria turns away and rushes into the
house to face her mother, her fingers touching her lips as if she could still feel Trent's lips
on hers. As Trent sat in his car waiting for the porch light to turn off, he touched his lips
with his fingertips too and smiled. "I love you," he whispered hoarsely and drove away. 

THE END