Love on the Rocks with no Ice

Scene 1

-	Jane and Daria sitting on top of Lawndale High roof.
-	Music: Top of the world - The Wildhearts

Daria: Tell me again. What are we doing on the roof?

Jane: Skipping gym class.

Daria: Oh. I thought we were going to shoot members of the
public with our newly acquired invisible rifles. I was obviously
wrong.

Jane: Damn! Now you've ruined the surprise. How did you know
about the rifles?

Daria: I see all.

Jane: Cool. So tell me, O seer of all, who's going to die first.
Brittany or Quinn?

Daria: Quinn. She is going to be mysteriously murdered and the
police will be convinced it was one of her family members that
did it. Naturally I will have no idea what so ever they're talking
about.

Jane: Of course not. What would you have to do with the killing
of someone you've been sending death threats to for the past
17 years?

Daria: My point exactly.

Jane looks at her watch

Jane: We'd best be getting to History in case DeMartino's
eyeball finally pops out of his head.

Daria: Yes. It would be a shame to miss something that good.

Jane and Daria walk down the ladder and into school.
Cut to History class.

DeMartino: RIGHT students. Once again you've EXCEEDED
my considerably LOW expectations.
TWO people managed to get ABOVE 60% on the WORLD war
ONE test. Well DONE.
Well it WOULD be well done if THOSE students WEREN'T Miss
Morgandorffer and Miss LANE.

Bell rings

Jane: Who would have thought, I got more than 60%. I had all
my money on getting 59%.

Daria: I'll use my expert forging skills to make that 60% into a
59% if you give me all your money.

Jane: That's a tough decision. Let me get back to you on that,
Morgandorffer.

Daria: Ok. But hurry. I need a soda.

Jane:  What was the question again?

Daria: There was a question?

Cut to Jane's house. Jane's painting and Daria's watching Sick
Sad World

Siamese triplets that get married to each other! Next on Sick
Sad World!

Daria: I wonder how those triplets have sex.

Jane: I would put that on my list of unanswerable questions.

Daria: You have a list of unanswerable questions?

Jane: No.

Daria: That explains a lot.

Jane: It does?

Daria: Not really.
Trent enters Jane's humble abode

Trent: Hey Janey. Hey Daria. How does this sound?

You numb my veins
I can't think of a way
To make you stay
These feelings wont go away

Jane: Nice rhyming

Daria: It's cool.

Trent: Hey. Thanks guys.

Jane: Anytime, loverboy

Daria blushes a slight shade of pale pink and Trent exits

Daria: Loverboy? What was that all about?

Jane: I thought I would see if your relationship with Tom was like.

Daria: By calling Trent loverboy.

Jane: Exactly

Daria: I question your sanity once again. My relationship with Tom
is fine.

Jane: Sure it is, blush.

Daria: I'm sorry. But I suddenly remember that time long ago.
When young Thomas dumped you and proclaimed his undying
love for me. Though I somehow think it's a dream.

Jane: Yeah. It must have been.

Daria: Anyway. I'm going to do some research on how Siamese
twins have sex.

Jane: Enjoy.

Daria: Oh yes. The joys of my wonderful life never cease to amaze
me. How could I not enjoy it?

Jane: Get out of here, Morgandorffer, before your craziness rubs
off on me.

Walking out

Daria: What craziness?

Commercial break
Music: 10 seconds from a nervous breakdown - Cutting Jade


Scene 2

The Morgandorffer kitchen at dinner
Jake and Daria  reading the paper
Helen on her mobile
Quinn not present at the moment

Jake: So Daria! How was your day?

Daria: Same as my days usually are. Always battling the thought of
suicide whilst covering it up wonderfully with my intelligence.

Jake: That's great, kiddo!

Helen: Jake!

Jake: I mean. That's terrible!

Daria: Don't worry about it. Having Quinn as a sister is killing me
already. There's no need for me to kill myself when I could save a
lot of effort not killing Quinn

Jake: See Helen? Daria's doing just fine.

Helen: Jake!!

Quinn enters

Quinn: Daa-aad, Can I go with Sandi, Tiffany and Stacey to a mall
in New York for th weekend? You know it's a long on so I'll be
back by Monday if we leave tomorrow after school so it gives us
lots of time at the mall. Sandi's mom's coming too! Can I go?

Jake: Sure honey! Here's $50

Quinn: Daa-aad! I need at least $200

Jake: $200!! No way! I'm not made of money!

Helen: Will you two shut up!! I'm trying to - -
Yes I am still here, Eric.

Jake. $100

Quinn: $150

Jake: Done.

Quinn leaves and the phone rings. Daria picks it up

Daria: You have reached the Morgandorffer household.
Unfortunately Quinn went on a killing spree and killed us all so you
will have to leave your name and number when the line goes dead.

Tom: Hey Daria.

Daria: Oh. Why, Hello young Thomas.

Tom: Daria. We need to talk.

Daria: I disagree. I know a lot of people that need to use their vocal
chords. One of them surprisingly isn't me. If I were a mute people
wouldn't feel that funny urge to talk to me.

Tom: Um, No Daria. I mean. You and I need to talk. About us.

Daria: Fine. Bring yourself and your chariot down here and we will
have one long hard talking session. About you and I. Us.

Tom: Ok. I'll see you in a bit.

Cuts to Tom ringing Daria's doorbell. Daria answers.

Daria: Why hello. I'm sorry but I'm not interested in buying car
washing liquid. Please come again later.

Tom: You want to take a walk?

Daria: I'll fetch my poncho.

Cuts to Daria and Tom walking past the weird bearded guy in the
town centre.

Tom: Daria. I've been thinking this for a while. It's too awkward
going out with you when Jane's your best friend and my ex. I don't
think we should go out anymore. I'm sorry.

Daria: In other words you've met someone else who is somehow
remotely talented and good-looking and has a life. I'm sure she's a
great girl.

Daria walks away, with tears in her eyes.

Tom: Daria! I really am sorry!

Cuts to Jane's house. Daria looking depressed and Jane looking
concerned.

Daria: I should have known this would happen. It always has.
Rejection. It's something I can't deal with. I'm just going to bury it
deep inside me and hope it doesn't resurface again.

Jane: Ahh..Come on Daria! It's not that bad. It's just Tom.

Daria: I know Jane. But what if all I'm destined for is rejection? I'll
probably end up living alone in the same padded room that guys
schizophrenic aunt lived in and is now my room.

Trent overhears and enters Jane's room

Trent: I couldn't help overhearing man. Daria. Whoever this Tom
guy is, it's like his loss. You're cool man.
Hey. How does this sound?

In the face of rejection
A hard to understand conception
I feel like I could die.
If only I knew why

Jane: Nice rhyming.

Daria: It's cool.

Trent: Daria. You shouldn't give up man. There's some guy there
for you. He'll turn up one day.

Cut's to the Lane basement, Where Jesse and Trent are talking
over a bottle of Jack Daniels.

Trent: Dude, it sucks. She's so bummed. I wish she knew how I
felt.

Jesse: Why don't you tell her?

Trent: She's just broken up with that Tom loser. I don't think she
wants some 21-year-old broke musician telling her how much he
loves her.

Jesse: I see your point man. But what if you never tell her? How do
you know she doesn't feel the same way?

Trent: Janey would have told me.

Jesse: Hey dude! I have a good idea. Why don't you write a song
for her?

Trent: Yeah man. That is a good idea.

Cut's to Jane's bedroom. They can hear Trent and Jesse's
acoustic guitars jamming.

Jane: Will you go out with my brother now?

Daria: Watch it, Lane. I'm not madly in love with your brother.

Jane: Of course. And I'm not mad.

Daria: Can I stop here tonight? I don't want to face Quinn and her
eternal tormenting. I might be forced to use those invisible rifles we
have been keeping for a good opportunity.

Jane: What rifles?

Daria: Thanks.

Jane: You want to  go out for pizza? We can see if Trent and
Jesse want to

Daria: You just want some quality make-out time with Jesse.

Jane: Jesse? Who's this Jesse you speak of?

Daria: Fine. Let's go.

Daria and Jane exit Jane's room. Trent drives them all to the pizza
place in the tank. Jane and Jesse disappear somewhere and Trent
and Daria are left in an awkward silence.

Daria: So. What pizza do you want?

Trent: Hmmm. I don't know. What are you having.

Daria: Pepperoni.

Trent: Sounds good to me.

Daria: Yeah.

Trent: So. Are you ok?

Daria: Yes. I can stare rejection straight in the eyes and say 'You
big bully!' and feel triumphant.

Trent smiles.

Trent: Damn. Tom is so stupid.

Daria: I agree. Why do you think that?

Trent: Because you're like really cool.

Daria: Why thank you. I've been trying to avoid being cool all my
life. And look where it gets me.

Trent chuckles

Trent: So are you coming with Janey to the Spiral gig tomorrow?

Daria: Let's ask a better question. Is Quinn going to bring about
the apocalypse?

Trent: Good.

Jane and Jesse reappear. Looking slightly dishevelled.

Jane: We all ready to go?

Daria: Yes.

Trent: Where's the pizza?

Jane: What pizza?

Daria: Let's go.

Cut's to tomorrow evenings Mystic Spiral gig. Daria and Jane are
somewhere near the back. Spiral finishes their last song. But
Jesse and Trent stay up there. Nick fetches them stools.

Trent: Uh..This is an acoustic song Jesse and me wrote. It's for a
special lady out there in the crowd.

Verse One

My heart beats quickly
And my skin shivers
I give in meekly
To these unending quivers

It only can be said in song
This love I keep feeling
It's been way too long
And I feel like I'm keeling

Chorus

Coz you're my
Lady
My only one
And I
Love you

Trent stares at Daria all the time he's singing. She gets the picture.
Trent walks towards her.

Trent: Hey. Uh.I'm sorry if you don't feel the same way. I just
didn't know how else to tell you and.

Daria: Yes. It was very unexpected and unethical and quite odd.
But I do..er.I do feel the same.

Trent: Really?

Daria: No. I just opened my heart out because it seemed like a
good idea at the time.

Trent: Cool. So. You wouldn't mind if I kissed you.like now?

Daria: I suppose I can make exceptions for fans.

Trent smiles and kisses Daria. All is right with the world. Jane and
Jesse are making-out again.
Show end with Bob Marley - Rock sweet Rock playing.

Hello Dear person just finished reading my first attempt at a fanfic!
I tried to make it sound as in character as possible. But I don't
really know what Jesse talks like. And Trent doesn't say much But
I used my imagination!
I would love it if you could comment! My email address is
lforse2002@hotmail.com
Thanks!
Lozzie!
