Story name: lunch
Summary: daria and jane make lunch

(Scene one, Barbie Girl by Aqua is playing.)

(We re standing in the hall, listening in on Quinn who is paging through  a 
catalog)

"Yeah, so Stacy catalog shopping has been so great." Quinn continued 
flipping through her Teen Flame Clothing catalog as she chatted on the 
phone. "Ever since mom grounded me, I haven't been able to leave the house. 
But that hasn't stopped me from shopping." <pause> "Yeah, the  honey ones, 
aren t they great?!?"  Her banter continued as Daria and Jane passed by her 
open door.

"God, doesn't she have anything else to do?"  Jane quipped as they made 
their way down the stairs and to the kitchen.

"This is Quinn we re talking about. She lives for all that crap." Daria 
paused and came to a realization. "And now that she s found a way to combine 
her favorite activities there's a good chance that we ll be seeing less of 
her."

Both girls smirked and went about they re business.

  "So, Tuna or peanut butter?"  Jane crinkled her nose at both. "eck, Tuna I 
guess. Just don't make it with mayonnaise."  She sat down at the table while 
Daria shot her a "yeah right" look.

"No mayonnaise?"

Jane nodded.

  "Well, what am I suppose to make it with then?" Daria opened the can and 
waited for an answer.

Jane smiled and leaned back into her chair. "Mustard."

"You re kidding right? Mustard? Now it's my turn to eck." Daria emptied the 
can of tuna into a blue plastic bowl.

"No really, mustard. And none of that honey crap!"

"But I like honey mustard." Daria stood back looking frustrated.

"Never send a civilian in.." Jane muttered and decided to help out with the 
making of lunch. She flew through the Morgendoffers cabinets and pulled out 
various <consumable> items.
Next she layed them all out in their order of operations, first rye bread, 
mustard, then ruffled chips, after that dill pickles and lettuce.

"Ok Captain, what do you have planned for this congregation of crap?"  Daria 
stepped back to the counter looking amused.

"This *crap*, is going to make us the best sandwiches you ve ever eaten." 
Jane pulled out the bread and popped it in the toaster.
"I think I ll take your word for it." Daria had decided to skip lunch when 
she saw the ingredients to their meal, but Jane wasn't having any of that.  
She then handed Daria the pickles and  a knife.

"Chop Morgendoffer Chop!" Once more, Daria reluctantly went along with Jane. 
Hacking the pickles into little bits.

<Scene fade, Thursday's Child by David Bowie is playing>

(A half hour has passed and the kitchen now reeks of pickles and tuna, but 
both girls are sitting down to their meal looking pretty happy with 
themselves.)

"And you thought.. no insisted it wasn't going to be edible." Jane looked on 
to Daria half empty plate triumphantly.

"Yell can you blame me? Last time I ate at your house I got food poisoning." 
  <pause> "But I ll give this one to you Lane, its good. And who knew you 
could blend all this stuff together in a blender?"

<scene end>

(Authors note: there is absolutely no point to this little story. I just had 
a damned good sandwich for lunch and wanted to share with Daria and 
Jane….hehehe)
