MANHUNT

By Wouter Jaegers wo.jaegers@planet.nl

Part three in my "Let's be in love" story line

Part one "Let's be in love"

Stacy and Quinn discover that they have lesbian feelings towards each other.
They soon hit it of on a relationship that quickly draws the attention of the
wrong people, forcing them to go underground and degrading them to outcasts.
But Quinn finds a powerful supporter in Daria who knows what's it's like to be
judged wrongly. Jodie and a club of minorities in Lawndale high gladly stand
up for them as Sandi Griffin is firing Quinn and Stacy from the fashion club
when she finds out about their relationship. Sandi starts a campaign in order
to ruin the lives of Quinn and Stacy. They are banned from the mall, banned
from chez Pierre and through some smart talk banned from Lawndale high. But
through the support that Stacy and Quinn get from both the minorities and
their families all Sandi's efforts fall flat and she gets a taste of her own
medicine when Daria sets her up on a date with Wesley, a boy that is really a
girl.

Part two "Murder was the case"

Revelations come a little too fast for Sandi, first she discovers the gender
of Wesley what really upsets her. Then Tiffany quits the Fashion club after
telling her that she is sick of Sandi taking out her anger on her, and finally
finding out the reason why "Waif" magazine is marketing to teenage girls.
Linda is not a big help. She shrugs her daughter's problems off with a "I
experienced worse when I were your age" attitude. Finally driven to the
extreme Sandi loses her sanity, big time. She knocks out her brothers. Used an
army knife to cut "4-REAL" in her arm after Linda accused her for being fake.
Has a hot hour with Upchuck and shaving him totally bald. And drives her
father to divorce Linda after exposing him with the reasons why Linda is the
head of the Lawndale business women's alliance, and what her way is for
getting a triple paycheck. Before leaving the household that bares his name
Tom Griffin manages to really show that he loves his children, no matter what.
Unknowingly by doing so he sets off a trigger mechanism inside Sandi that
drives her to murder. Her first victim has fallen, her name: Jane Lane.

Trent's voice: Stevie Ray Vaughan -1990…

The Lane household comes in to picture.

Trent's voice: Eric Carr and Freddie Mercury -1991…

Trent's room, Trent is sitting on his bed looking defeated.

Trent: Mick Ronson (Of the David Bowie group "the spiders from mars") -1992…

Trent sighs.

Trent: Frank Zappa -1993…

Trent is sitting next to the pieces of a destroyed guitar while tears are
streaming from his eyes.

Trent: Kurt Cobain -1994…

A knock is heard on his door but Trent doesn't respond.

Trent: Jerry Garcia -1995…

The door opens and his older sister Penny an emotional wreck herself walks in.

Penny: (Weakly) Hi Trent.

Trent: Bradley Nowell (From ska-punk-rock group "Sublime") -1996…

Penny: Rock stars?

Trent: All of them died in the nineties… Mark Sandman (of Morphine) 1999…

Penny: Then why are you…?

Trent: I always wondered who would be the first to die in the year 2000 but I
never wanted it to be Janey.

Penny: (hugging her brother) Oh Trent…

They both cry in each other's arms.

Trent: (in an unusual high voice) She didn't deserve this, all of us have to
die but not by the hands of another!

Penny: The only thing important now is that we don't forget her, she wouldn't
want us to. When I think back at the day when Mom and Dad brought her home…

Trent: (Letting Penny go) She was so sweet, her pale blue eyes and wry smile
already in place.

Penny: (Drying her eyes) And then there were times that she insisted on going
running with me…

Trent: And the times when I got out to find her when she ran away from home,
it turned out that she was hiding in the garden waiting for someone to call
her back in… (As seen in "Last days of solitude" by John Kilner)

Penny: And you lived in a tent for six months for the same reason.

Trent: Janey was the only one who visited me.

Penny: And can you remember how Dad looked when he found out that Jane painted
his van?

Trent: (Chuckles in spite of himself.) Yeah, or that time she tried to put
lipstick on for the first time…

Penny: …and got herself smeared under. I showed her a thing or two about
getting beautiful.

Trent: I still have some of Janey's first permanent records some where, they
described her as a gifted student and a juvenile delinquent.

Penny: From what I heard, nothing had changed when she enrolled in Lawndale
high school.

Trent: Do you remember Ms. Morris, the girl's gym teacher?

Penny: All to well, she was the prime reason for me to leave America.

Trent: Jane told me that she was comparing her to you, in a negative way. So
to take revenge she joined a track team and left when they needed her the
most.

Penny: (smirking) Way to go sister. By the way, how is her little friend
taking it?

Trent: Daria, knowing her she must be even worse then we. She never had any
support, her only sibling denied being related to her and her parents never
paid attention to her. Meeting Jane was the best what could happen to her and
by meeting her when I drove them to a party showed me a girl who was afraid to
come out. Janey was always there to bring out the potential she kept inside.
Daria and I had a good conversation a few months back and she admitted her
feelings for me, it turned out that she has had a crush on me ever since we
first met, I told her to give it some time. We came together a few weeks back
and have been going steady ever since. If it weren't for Jane none of this
would ever happened.

Penny: Was Jane really her only friend?

Trent: No, but she certainly was her closest. Through Daria and Jane I met a
lot of cool people. There was Jodie Landon and her boyfriend Michael, if you
see two African-American people at Jane funeral, it's them. When all of you
came home, Jane and I stayed with Daria's family for a little while and her
parents are the most disfunctional couple ever. And her sister was so vain and
self absorbed but that changed when she discovered that she's lesbian,
ironically that's also the reason why Jane died.

Penny: WHAT?

Trent: (Slowly starting to cry.) Janey was helping Daria's sister out when she
and her girlfriend were discriminated by the people who they thought were
their friends. Tom, Jane's boyfriend, heard the killer shouting something like
"That's what you get for hanging out with dykes." When he came down to check
out what was going on he found Janey dead…The killer is going to pay for this,
I swear you Penny, I won't rest until I get that person.

The Morgendorffer residence Daria's room. Daria is curled up in a ball and
crying uncontrollably, apparently she has been doing that for a long while.
There is a knock on her door and Helen comes in.

Helen: (Devastated by the sight of seeing her eldest child in this state.)
Daria…I'm sorry but there are some policemen who want to speak with you about…

Daria: (Sobbing) I'll be right down mom.

Daria composes herself and puts on her green jacket but suddenly has a change
of heart and puts on a red jacket that Jane gave her. "Train in vain" by the
Clash starts to play as she heads down. A police officer introduces himself
and his partner to her.

Lt. Jones: Hello Ms. Morgendorffer, I'm Lieutenant Paul Jones and this is my
partner Sergeant Mick Simonon. We are investigating the murder of Ms. Lane.

Daria: (Exhausted) Then cut the crap and tell me what you want to know from
me.

Jones: We understand that you and Ms. Lane were close friends?

Daria: Without her I wouldn't be here today.

Jones: The testimony of her boyfriend states that you were both active in the
civil rights movement in Lawndale high. Is that true?

Daria: Let me begin where it all started, My sister Quinn discovered a few
months back that she's gay and almost instantly all her friends turned against
her. Jane and I stood up for her when she and her girlfriend needed help. But
some people will never learn, and Jane became the victim of their ignorance.

Jones: Is there anyone in particular who held a grudge against the both of
you?

Daria: The only person I can think of is Sandi Griffin, she is the president
of the Lawndale high fashion club of which both my sister and her girlfriend
used to be a part of. Sandi always looked like she could kill anyone but in
reality was too stupid to actually do it, but that changed a few weeks back.
Stacy, the girlfriend of my sister, told me that Sandi visited her at her job
in a clothes shop in Dega street…

Cut to "the funky doodle" as Jones and Simonon are questioning Mrs. Peterson.

Mrs. Peterson: Yes Ms. Griffin came in to persuade me to fire Ms. Rowe because
of her sexuality. I told her that I didn't mind. I later found out that she
has visited more shops and even a restaurant to do just that.

The "Black lion inn" some time later.

Mr. Jackson: Oh yes, I remember Ms. Griffin, she tried to persuade me into
banning two of my best customers from my establishment. I told her no and then
she started to insult me. Poor Ms. Lane, she was always a welcome sight, I
guess I could organize a wake for her.

Jones: Thank you for your co operation sir and we'll let you know on how the
case is developing.

Jackson: By the way, go visit "Chez Pierre" apparently they did ban Ms.
Morgendorffer and Ms. Rowe because Ms. Griffin told them to.

Chez Pierre, a nervous waiter is calling his boss to tell them that the cops
are here. An other one quickly tears the picture of Quinn and Stacy to shreds.
When the boss arrives and learns about the discriminating act, he looks coldly
at his waiters who are all sweating nervously.

The Former Griffin residence, Linda is furiously talking at the phone.

Linda: I don't care how much it will cost me Tom but you are coming back to
me, my whole career is at stake!

Tom: (On the other end) Don't worry, you'll lay down and get yourself a new
career in no time. In fact you're nothing more then a gloryfied version of a
whore and I'm currently claiming custody for our children. I don't want them
and most of all I don't want Alexandra, to end up just like you Linda.

Linda: Sandi, she is strong enough to stand on her own, I raised her to be
independant.

Tom: And look what she has become; a drug addict and dangerously close to
madnes. If this is your way of raising Alexandra then I feel that it is my
duty as her father to get her proffessional help.

Linda: My daughter, proffessional help? OVER MY DEAD BODY TOM!

Tom: Just try to stop me! (click)

Linda: (Breaking the phone) AAAAAARRRRRRRGGGGGHHHHHHH!

Sam and Chris look in anguish at their mother's antics.

Chris: Did you hear that, Dad is going to get us out of here.

Sam: Chris, our dad is the best and I feel bad about taking him for granted
when he was still around.

Chris: Me too, let's go and tell Sandi.

They head in to Sandi's room and look in horror as they see Sandi cleaning her
self inflicted cuts. Sandi nods them to come in.

Sandi: Don't worry, it looks worse then it actually is. I let off some steam
and dealt with some business.

Sam and Chris tell her the whole thing.

Sandi: So Dad is standing up for me. (Evil smile) how nice. (A quick flash
back shows us Sandi's perspective of the murder she committed.) hahahahahahah
(Jane's look of terror as Sandi stabs her is seen) hahahahahahah! (Jane's blue
eyes come in to close up as the light in her rapidly fades) HAHAHAHAHAHAH!

Sam and Chris run from her room with looks of sheer terror on their faces.

"The guns of Brixton" by the Clash starts to play.

The Morgendorffer residence the lanes are over to discuss Jane's funeral. Not
a single eye is dry during this sad conversation. Finally overcome by grief
Daria leaves the room, Trent looks at her go. Penny looks at Trent and smiles
an encouraging smile.

Penny: Go after her Trent, she needs you.

Trent gets up and walks towards Daria's room. When he enters he finds Daria
going through her closet, mostly out of curiosity he takes a peak.

Trent: Whoa, you have more clothes then I thought.

Daria: Yes, but I have to wear six of the same outfits just to keep myself
from drawing attention.

Trent: (Chuckles) That's a good idea. So why are you going through your
closet?

Daria: (While fishing out a pair of black stockings) I have some idea of who
the killer is and I'm going to haunt her by dressing up as Jane.

Trent: (Astonished) "Her"?

Daria: Damn right, the killer is female.

Trent: If you want some help with that, I'll be happy to give you some clothes
of Jane.

Daria: (smiles) Thank you Trent, wearing her clothes would at least made me
feel like she's still there.

Trent: Should I come with you when you're going to school tomorrow?

Daria: (Breaking slowly) I…I…

Trent: I know you're not that strong Daria, you are far from over it.

Daria embraces Trent as she starts to cry from the bottom of her heart.

Daria: (Through her sobs) Jane (sob) would have said (sob) "Now don't (sob)
get all mushy on (sob) me."

Penny and Quinn take a look inside Daria's room but decide to leave their
siblings alone.

Quinn: Shall we go to my room?

Penny: Gladly, I can't stand the presence of my parents anymore.

"Just be good to me" by the s.o.s. band starts to play as they enter Quinn's
room. Quinn has redecorated her room to fit her new way of living. The stuffed
animals are gone, the walls are painted orange and brown, her furniture has
been replaced by seventies disco style furniture like bubble chairs and
inflatable couches. Her posters of boybands have gone AWOL, her mirrors are
all but one moved away, her bubble gum machine has been replaced by a lava
lamp and a disco ball shines fractures of light through her room.

Penny: Wow, you really got into the lesbian life style.

Quinn: I was bored of the posters that told me what a stuck up little
nightmare I was. Besides I never liked the music anyway.

Stacy walks in.

Penny: Your girlfriend?

Quinn: Yep, this is Stacy Rowe, the girl that made me open up to my real self,
Stacy this is Penny Lane she is an older sister of Jane.

Stacy: Pleased to meet you.

Penny: "Rowe"? When I went to LHS I used to date a guy named Alvin Rowe, are
you related?

Quinn: She has no brothers or sisters but he could be a cousin of her.

Penny: In the same way that Daria is your cousin?

Quinn: (Faux upset) Who told you that? (Laughs)

Stacy: Actually Alvin is my uncle. He's seven years younger then my mother, he
lives two blocks away from here.

Penny: I'm eight years older then Jane was. Trent and I were talking about
that Jane and Daria stood up for the two of you. And he also told me about how
you used to be.

Stacy: Oh god, when I think back to the times when the fashion club debated
here, a lot of shallow conversations took place here.

Quinn: (Deep voice) I like hereby call this meeting of the fashion club to
order or something. First order of the day, platform jellies good or bad, What
do you think Tiffany?

Stacy: (Putting her index finger at her lip.) Dooooo theeyyy make me loook
faaat?

Quinn: (Acting like her old self) Sandi, everyone knows that seventies revival
clothes are soooooo over, right Stacy?

Stacy: (Fakes looking vacant) Oh sure, they went out in the eighties or
whatever.

Quinn: (Acting like Sandi again) Gee, if everyone is on Quinn's side maybe she
should be president of the fashion club! Of course she can't be president
because I don't allow dykes in my club. (Quinn quickly switches to her current
persona and speaks up to "Sandi") Why don't you just take your @$*&%$@ fashion
club and stick it up your @$$!

Stacy: Right on!

Penny applauds.

Penny: Isn't it good when you can look back on your past and being able to
laugh about it?

Stacy: But on a serious note, that Sandi we referred to could be Jane's
murderer.

Penny: But what would drive a shallow girl to do such a thing.

Quinn: (Sighing) From what I know it would be to scare Daria away from helping
me and Stacy. Daria and Jane were really close and Sandi once said that if one
of them would go the other wouldn't last on her own. And seeing Daria in the
state she is in now proves that she was right about that.

Stacy: The second possibility is even more sinister but far more likely, Sandi
blaming Daria and Jane for making us lesbian.

Penny: Ever tried talking to her?

Quinn: Ever tried to talk sense into Adolf Hitler?

Penny: (a tear rolls down her cheek.) But Janey…she was innocent, Griffin
could not have had a reason to kill her.

Stacy: If you want to talk to her, call her. We as ex-fashion club members
still know each other's phone numbers.

Quinn: Calling Sandi, that is not a bad idea, let's do it.

Quinn and Stacy gather everyone and start dialing the Griffin household
number, everyone listens through the speaker as Sam answers the phone.

Sam: Griffins.

Quinn: Hi Sam, this is Quinn speaking. May I speak to Sandi for a minute?

Linda walks by.

Sam: (Still crazy about Quinn) Sure Quinn I will get her for you.

And then Linda jumps in between.

Linda: GIVE THAT TO ME! (To Quinn on the phone.) HOW DARE YOU CALLING, HAVEN'T
YOU CAUSED ENOUGH MISERY YET?

Quinn: (With the Lanes and the Morgendorffers fuming in the background.) What
are you talking about?

Linda: You know perfectly well what I'm talking about. Ever since you and that
other little dyke went steady Sandi has gone downhill!

Quinn: Oh and what did she do?

Linda: She drove my husband away by exposing my secret love…Er I mean my way
of building up my position, acted with nothing but hatred towards me, and cuts
words into her arm to prove she's no fake when she knows that she indeed is.

And you and that sister of yours are the blame.

Helen: (speaking up.) It sounds to me that you are the one causing all this
Linda.

Amanda: A mother doesn't talk this way about her own daughter, no matter what
she does, she is no fake.

Linda: (Realizing that Quinn is not alone.) Wait a minute, Who else is in
there?

Amanda: Two families who have been torn apart by your daughter. And it seems
to me Mrs. Griffin that you are really the one who is the blame.

Linda: (Hearing the bitterness in Amanda's voice.) What did she do?

Amanda: First let me introduce myself. I am Amanda Lane, I'm 49 years old and
have been married to Vincent Lane for almost thirty years.

Vincent: Yep.

Amanda: Our love sprouted five children, three daughters and two sons. And one
of my daughters made me a granny when she sprouted four children.

Linda: (Getting impatient) And what has this to do with the misery Helen's
kids are causing me?

Daria: (furiously hissing) Do you want to talk about misery Mrs. Griffin? Try
this: walk to Sandi's room and peak in.

Linda: Why…

Daria: DO IT!

Linda walks towards Sandi's room and peeks in. Sandi is seen injecting
herself, Linda freezes.

Daria: As Amanda said before, she has five children. Summer,

Summer: That's me.

Daria: …Wind,

Wind: (sobbing) That's me.

Daria: …Penny,

Penny: Yep.

Daria: …Trent,

Trent: Yeah.

Daria: and the youngest, who was my best friend was called Jane. But your
daughter, who probably was raised by you to follow in your footsteps took her
away.

Linda goes white, did Sandi really?

Amanda: Tell me Linda, did you raise your daughter because you love her, if so
then why is she showing so much hatred towards you?

Linda: I raised her to be independant.

Penny: It sounds to me that you've raised her to be co-dependant.

Amanda: During the growth of my children, I always encouraged them to go out
and explore their world and I wasn't always at home myself. But that doesn't
mean that I neglected them. You on the other hand took your daughter for
granted in order to shape her into a younger version of yourself and that's
neglect.

Daria: And why do you blame me or Quinn and her girlfriend Stacy?

Stacy: Yes why, when the fashion club held meetings at your place, you always
told me that I was the brightest of the bunch and that I always would be
welcome. Why the sudden change?

Linda stumbles.

Helen: It's their sexuality, isn't it? I know that you've despised me ever
since you found out that Jake and I used to be Hippies but our past has made
us raise our daughters to be OPEN MINDED.

Amanda: And that was Jane's only crime, she helped Quinn and Stacy because she
was open minded too. But why did she have to die by your daughter's hand?

Quinn: Sandi was always trying to ruin my life. But why did so many people had
to get involved in her efforts.

But Sandi has heard all this. Nobody will block her way now, not the
Morgendorffer girls or the Lane family and certainly not her own mother. This
murder was her masterwork and they all got what they've deserved, finally free
from those wires of sanity that have kept her captured for so many years, she
won't let them capture her again.

Daria: You lost your husband, but I've lost my best friend, Amanda and Vincent
Lane have lost their daughter and their children and grandchildren have lost
their sister and aunt. If you have any respect for your own daughter, then go
to the police and turn her in.

Linda decides to take on Daria's advice and walks in forgetting to put off the
phone, the events that happen next are clearly heard in the Morgendorffer
living room.

Linda: Sandi we need to talk.

Sandi: (Starting to lose it mostly because of the drugs.) What for, you never
showed care for anything I did. Unless it was something really cruel. Yes I've
killed that arty friend from Daria Morgendorffer. That will teach her to stay
out of my business concerning Quinn. I really enjoyed killing her it was a
liberation. I was finally free from all those rules they made me live by. It
showed me that I could really end the life of another if I wanted to! (Daria
faints at hearing this.) Are you not proud of me? You raised me to be cruel
and I just did the cruelest thing that a human being can do!

Linda: And what did you achieve by doing so?

Sandi: (Hissing furiously) More then you'll ever achieve in your whole wasted
life. And this conversation with the Morgendorffers showed me once again that
you are a lousy mother. I on the other hand will be a much better one.

Linda: WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?

Sandi: F#$@%*& with Upchuck left me pregnant and I don't want to give this up,
mostly because Upchuck turned out to be very good in bed. My kid will be
anything I wasn't, even if I have to raise it from a jail cell. You on the
other hand let Sam and Chris turn into two major brats. Are neglecting your
husband and let me go insane and for that last thing I thank you mom. Thank
you for liberating me, and to show you how much I care…

Sandi suddenly lunges towards her mother with lightning speed and stabs her in
her throat. Linda can manage to scream a little before collapsing.

Sandi: …I'll gladly return all the pain you've given me through all those
years.

Sandi's laughter echoes through the phone before Helen franticly calls the
police.

Oakwood, the Wells' household, Tom Griffin is bringing back the glory days
with Patty and is feeling truly happy since a long time. But at that moment
his cell phone rings.

Tom: Griffin speaking.

Lieutenant Jones: Mr. Griffin, this is Lieutenant Jones of the L.P.D. I'm
afraid that I have some very bad news. Your daughter Sandi apparently murdered
your wife.

Tom: (shocked beyond believe) WHAT?

Jones: We were on a case of the murder of a 17 year old girl who was killed in
exactly the same way, of which your daughter is the prime subject. And
according to the witnesses. You and your wife knew nothing about that.

Tom: (Deeply sobbing) Oh my god Alexandra…

Jones: Your daughter has run away, she is armed and dangerous. We need your
co-operation in capturing her.

Tom: Of course, I'll be right there. Oh wait, how are my sons doing?

Jones: They are fine, in fact; they've told me to tell you that you're the
best father anyone could have.

Tom: (Relieved) Tell them that I'll be picking them up and that everything
will be all right.

Jones: It will be my pleasure sir.

Lawndale high school, a window of a storage facility slowly opens and Sandi
creeps in. "Under the bridge" from the Red Hot Chili Peppers (I hate the All
saints version.) starts to play as she gets in.

Sandi: (Patting her belly) Comfortable down there? Good. At least you won't be
raised in the same manner as me.

"Under the bridge downtown is where I drew some blood. Under the bridge
downtown I could not get enough. Under the bridge downtown forgot about my
love. Under the bridge Downtown I gave my life away."

Sandi puts down a physical education mat, takes out a blanket from her
backpack and dozes off.

Sandi's Dream, we see Sandi running through a dense forest until she reaches
an old bridge. She ducks underneath it and hears the policemen rush by. Only
when she breathes a sigh of relieve she notices that she's not alone. Another
girl sits across of her and speaks up in a croaking voice.

Girl: On the run?

Sandi: Not that it's your business but yes.

Girl: I'm on the run too, but not from the law.

The girl looks up to Sandi and smiles. Sandi sees two pale blue eyes and ruby
red lips coming out underneath the baseball cap she's wearing. Sandi looks in
fear.

Jane: Surprised to see me?

Sandi: But I…you're supposed to be…

Jane: Dead? Believe me I am but I've returned, to claim what's mine.

Sandi freaks out and throws her knife at Jane it passes right through her.

Jane: (Walking over) Being a ghost has it's advantages, for instance: I can
follow you were ever you go. I also saw the grief and anger on the faces of my
relatives and friends. But I can only haunt you when you are asleep.

Sandi: (Being Sandi) Oh and what are you gonna do about it, bore me to death
with your "You should feel sorry about all you did" stories?

Jane: (Smirking evilly) "Bore you 'till death" that's a good idea, but I have
a better one!

Jane suddenly reaches out to Sandi's belly and Sandy screams as she sees Jane
taking the baby out of her womb. She cuddles it and smiles.

Jane: Congratulations Mrs. Ruttheimer, it's a girl. Listen up Griffin, I can
take over this girl's body and make her grow up to be a brain.

Sandi: NO!

Jane: Okaaayyy, how about making her grow up to be a lesbian?

Sandi: NO!

Jane: Or you can turn yourself in so I can rest in peace and leave you and
your

Family to-be alone. You'll get 24 hours to reconsider.

And Sandi bolts awake.

Sandi: (Posh) Only a dream. Like that Lane girl would really…

Suddenly Sandy winces as a loud mental sound echoes in her head

"24 HOURS!"

Meanwhile at the Lane residence are Daria, Quinn and Trent looking through
Jane's stuff. Daria tries on some of Jane's clothing.

Daria: Weird, I should feel bad about going through Jane's clothing but I feel
strangely serene. I feel that Jane is fine with it.

Quinn: Yeah, I can feel it too. As if she's there and watching us taking care
of her stuff.

Trent: She'd probably call us "glorified vultures".

Quinn finds a box.

Quinn: I wonder what this is…(She opens the box and finds an audiocassette)
Hey you guys look what I found.

Daria: Let's put it on, I'm in the mood for some music.

Quinn puts the cassette in Jane's stereo and presses play. A female voice
comes through the speakers.

Jane: To everyone who hears this tape. I am Jane Lane, or as the situation
will be, I was Jane Lane. I made this tape to record my last will, in case I'd
die or did commit suicide.

Trent: Holy guacamole, Jane's last will.

Daria: You knew about this tape?

Trent: She once told me that she made a tape in case she would die
prematurely, she always updated that tape. But I was never allowed to hear it.

The Lanes Quickly assemble and listen.

Jane: First of all I'd like to thank you all for coming, knowing that when
someone in our family dies we all assemble, but most of these meeting were
unpleasant like the one where uncle Randy died. (In "on the outside" by John
Kilner.) I presume that Daria is also here…(A bit silence)…I'll take that as a
yes. So let me get started. The music that I would like to hear on my funeral
is "Best days" by Juice. Maybe a strange choice but meeting Jodie gave me some
interest in R&B music. And to keep in touch with my roots I'd also like to
hear "Love you 'till death" by Type o negative. Mom, Amanda or Mandy as you'd
like to be called. I'm donating all my art supplies to you, knowing that you
will use them. Keep on working mom I'm proud to be one of your works of art,
in fact all of us are art works you and Dad made. (Her siblings nod in
agreement) Dad, Vincent, For you I'll leave the ticket to India. I bought it
so I could go there during summer break to paint all those beautiful
landscapes, shoot it all Dad. Speaking of summer, Summer big sis I always
liked it to baby sit your children, they are so much like we were when we were
kids. Try to find a job that will make you stay at home a bit more maybe that
will keep them from running away. I'll leave you the four paint by number kits
grandpa bought me, give them to your children that will keep then occupied.
Wind, all that I can leave you is this advice; get to know a woman before you
marry her. Penny, To bad I didn't see you much after you went to Mexico. I'm
sure you'd love to hear what Daria and I did to the teachers in LHS, to you
I'll leave you my car so you'll have some transport for your new destination,
wherever that may be. Oh god the times we spent running, you were not only a
big sister but my role-model as well. Trent…(Jane's voice begins to shiver) I
first wanted you to know that I really look up to you, you have been
everything to me, My brother who fought sibling wrestles with me, my Mother
who kissed away bruises and gave me the support I needed in hard times, my
father who tought me to be independant and not to let them take control over
me and my friend who was always there when the rest of our family wasn't. You
are no lazy bum Trent and I'll always keep you in the highest esteem. You can
have your "Fetal Metal" CD collection back, it lies underneath my bed. (Jane
is heard blowing her nose and she continues with a croaking voice) And last
but far from least, my partner in crime Daria. You mean even more to me then
any of my family members, you saw me for who I was and didn't try to change
me. What you did change was the environment in LHS, through you I did some
things that I'd never done alone, I've met the most of interesting people and
accomplished things that no one would seek behind me. And you were always
there. To you I'll leave the responsibility of distributing my paintings to a
project that Ms. Defoe and I started. And I'll leave you a painting that
really shows my gratitude, it lies in the attic. Bye everyone I was real glad
to have been there. (A long period of silence follows, sobbing is heard from
all sides and Daria is wailing but suddenly Jane speaks up again.) Now don't
get all mushy on me, for Christ' sake.

Daria smiles, that was Jane. The Jane she knew and loved, the no nonsense
girl.

Lawndale high school: the next morning, Daria, wearing Jane's attire walks
down the hall straight to the principal's office. But Tiffany stops her.

Tiffany: Daria, good news they've got Sandi. She turned herself in this
morning.

Daria: (Smiling, really smiling.) That really is good news Tiffany, thank you.

Tiffany: From what I heard she confessed both murders.

Daria: But they probably state that she was intoxicated and they will give her
a reduced punishment. But I guess that's ok, ten years in prison will teach
her.

Suddenly a warm feeling comes over both Daria and Tiffany, a feeling of
approval.

Daria: Whoa!

Tiffany: You felt it too?

Daria: As if someone just hugged me goodbye.

Tiffany: Yeah.

Daria: I got to go Ms. Defoe and I have some important things to discuss.

Tiffany: Tell her I said hello and tell her that I want to enroll in the
extracurricular art class.

Daria: Really?

Tiffany: I was color coordinator in the fashion club and I started painting
when I left them.

Daria: I will tell her, bye.

As Daria walks into Ms. Defoe's office, she finds her sobbing.

Defoe: Oh hello Daria, pardon me but I…

Daria: It's all right. I miss her too, I started wearing her clothes to make
me feel as if she's still there.

Defoe: She is, believe me I know. I just experienced a feeling of approval;
she told me that everything was all right. It was so beautiful that I started
crying.

Daria: (smiles with the tears running down her cheeks.) There is so much more
between heaven and earth.

Defoe: Anyway, there are two reasons why I called you here…

Meanwhile at the medical office of the LPD, is Sandi being treated for the
self inflicted cuts and her drug abuse. Sandi dozes off in well deserved hours
of sleep.

Sandi's dream: we see her wandering through the morgue and suddenly Jane
appears.

Jane: So you did it, right?

Sandi: I swore to be a better mother then my own mother and defending my own
child is one of the most important aspects of that. Even if I have to
sacrifice my freedom for that.

Jane: And what if she grows up to be a brain or a lesbian?

Sandi: I guess I should learn to live with that, there are some things you
can't control.

Jane: I guess not but come here for a sec.

Jane opens a drawer, the one which contains her own body.

Jane: Why did I have to die before all that dawned on you?

Sandi: It was meant to scare Daria away, so I could regain control.

Jane: You were never in control Sandi, if even the most powerful man on earth
was once a baby it clearly shows that power is nothing more then just
performing. Adolf Hitler could set masses to his hand by using charisma and a
rockband does exactly the same thing.

Sandi: (looking at Jane's empty shell) Were you an athlete, your body was
really muscular.

Jane: Yep, I loved to run and keep my condition at bay, and as my boyfriend
Tom may testify I was a wild one in bed.

Sandi: (Sobbing) I'm sorry for taking that away…(Bawling) I'm sorry I killed
you.

Jane: It takes a lot of guts to admit that you were wrong but there is also
something else…

Sandi: My mother, I can't forgive her she deserved it.

Jane: With time you'll learn to forgive her. I've got to go now, farewell
Sandi.

Jane's spirit begins to shine brightly and Sandi wakes up.

The Morgendorffer residence; the family has dinner, Helen speaks up to her
daughters.

Helen: Girls I guess you already knew of the capture of Sandi Griffin, but
I'll be her attorney.

Daria: Go easy on her Mom, I guess she's learned her lesson.

Helen: Don't worry sweetie, something already told me so.

Daria: In other news, Principal Defoe asked me to be her maid of honor at her
wedding.

Quinn: Really, she asked me, Stacy and Tiffany to be bridesmaids.

Jake: I guess that means that it will be a family day out.

Helen: I'm sure that Eric will leave me off at that day and if not, then I
will MAKE him leave me off.

Quinn: I also got a call from Sam Griffin, he told me that he and his brother
Chris are moving in with their father in Oakwood county.

Helen: I guess that they'll sell the house.

Daria: I would doubt it that anyone will buy it, the policemen who
investigated Linda's murder stated that the house is haunted.

Helen: That's one situation that Linda can't control. (Smirks evilly) She must
be very upset about that.

Daria: Don't worry, she will have an eternity to get over it.


A few days Later at the wedding, which is held at the museum of visual arts in
Lawndale is Ms. Defoe, wearing a white wedding dress, talking to her
Bridesmaids and maid of honor.

Defoe: Oh girls, I'm so excited. It's really the most beautiful day of my
life, but I'm also very nervous. How shall I kiss him?

Stacy: Like this?

And she and Quinn kiss.

Daria: (while dragging in Trent.) Or maybe like this. (They kiss.)

Defoe: Oh, I'll see.

Mr. De Martino comes over and looks at his bride, he chuckles nervously.

DeMartino: Claire, I err…

Defoe: I guess I'm not the only one feeling nervous. Tony, shut up and Marry
me.

DeMartino: Yes Ma'am. (He then sees Trent.) Mr. Lane, I'm sorry about your
sister.

Trent: Just call me Trent. I'm sure Janey is here watching us and approves
everything that is happening here.

Tony: You can call me Tony then. In fact, you all can. Claire and I have
decided to resign from Lawndale high school to start a journey across the
world together.

Claire: And we've decided to name our first born, if it's a girl, after Jane.

Daria: "Jane DeMartino" it doesn't sound right.

Claire: No it will be "Jeannon DeMartino"

Mr. O'neill comes over.

O'neill: Anthony, the ceremony is about to start.

Tony: I'm coming.

"Best days" of Juice is starting to play as the ceremony starts.

"The pop of the cork and the cling of the glasses"

Mr. D and his bride approach the altar the minister blesses their union.

"We toast to the future and we drink to the past."

Claire is seen throwing the bouquet and Quinn catches it.

"They might not be easy but never the less, these are the best days of our
lives."

Trent and Daria wander off and smile to each other.

Trent: Tragedy and Happiness, two side of the same coin.

Daria: Yeah, it's almost frightening if you look back on how well planned Jane
was about her death, she made a tape with her last will, knew about Claire's
wedding and already spoke to her about me being maid of honor.

Trent: Speaking of her last will, did you get that painting she talked about?

Trent and Daria hop into their cars and drive to the Lane residence, once
arrived they then walk into the attic finding a large covered painting. Daria
takes off the cover to find a photo realistic painting of Jane and herself.
With the underline "Thank you for being my friend"

Epilogue

The Lane residence; twenty years later. Daria (Looking like she did in "Write
where it hurts") is talking on the phone.

Daria: Trent honey, I just called to check up on you. How is the "Spiral tour"
going?

Trent: It's fantastic, we've already played the reading festival in England
and we should be playing the summer festivals all over Europe. How is Jane
doing?

Daria: Why don't you ask her?

A girl in her early teens with pale blue eyes and jet black hair worn in a
tail takes over the phone.

Girl: Jane Lane speaking, oh hi Daddy. Don't worry I'll be easy on Mommy.

THE END.
