Melody Powers a.k.a. Daria Morgandorffer


 Daria locked her door and put a sheet over her window.  Then she unplugged
 her phone.  Once she was sure nobody could see or hear her she took out a
 small phone from her jacket pocket, punched some buttons, and started
 talking.
 "What is it," she said into the phone obviously irritated, "I told you
 never to contact me unless it was an emergency."

 "J wants to talk to you."  said the voice it sounded scared.

 Daria exploded "Thats all, christ, you could've waited thirty minutes to
 tell me that, shit now you've got them suspicious."  She the went into a
 long list of insulting and vulger thing and words to yell at the poor
 unfortunate soul on the other end of the line. When she was done she told
 the person to put J on the phone.  Daria hears a rustling on the end of
the
 phone and it is obvious to her that the person is in a hurry to get off
the
 phone.  She sighed, she had that effect on people.  A second later a man's
 voice come onto the phone, it said, "Clam Down..." the voice was going to
 say more but Daria cut it off.

 "No I won't fucking calm down.  All you had to do was wait thirty fucking
 minutes that's all and don't even think about asking me to report cause I
 won't do it."

 The voice on the line gets so loud that daria worries that somebody might
 hear it.  It said, "YES YOU WILL OR I'LL FUCKING REPORT YOU."

 Daria sighed and said to the phone clearly, "Christ, ok, fine,here, agent
 Melody Powers reporting as ordered.  There are you happy J?" When J
replied
 Daria noted that his voice seemed more docile.

 "Now," Daria or Melody said, "tell me why you contacted me."

 J said, " Melody I've gor good news and bad.  The good news is that you've
 gathered enough information for us to contact the local authorities to
 aprehend Li and close her drug ring down.  In fact you've got enough that
 no defense lawyer alive could get her off. good job."

 "What's the bad news?" asked Melody not knowing what to expect from J.

 "Well Mel, the thing is well I know that I said that after you completed
 the assignment I'd give you a year to hang out with Jane and Trent and to
 finish High school finally.  But a thing has come up and you team is the
 only one good enough for it.  I mean this thing is big it could lead to
 war.  A rumor is going around that there is a plot to kidnap and kill the
 Pope.  I need you to protect him,"  Melody now looked like she was going
to
 cry and she couldn't say anything.  J knew that this wasn't the time to
 explain so he said,"I'm sorry Mel..... um, tell the others..... thanks." J
hung up
 and Melody turned off the phone, lay down, and started crying.

 One hour later and she got up and got ready to go.  She walked to the door
 and puched the doorknob in and the floor dropped out about five feet away
 from her exposing a stairway.  She went down it and got all her clothes,
 her real clothes, not the ones she had been wearing for the last two
years,
 but the ones she wore while treveling and while on real assignments and
not
 undercover ones.  When she had a suitcase full of clothes she got another
 for her guns.  Thirty minutes later she had two suitcases and a duffel
bag.
  She was wearing her faithful boots, a "I don't suffer from insanity, I
enjoy every minute of it" tee-shirt with a "Misfit" jacket,  Misfit was
their group
 name.  She also had on some black baggy jeans.  Also she was wearing
 lipstick, eyeshadow, eyeliner, and contacts.
 She walked up the stairs and pulled the doorknob back out and went to tell
 the rest of her team that they were being reassigned.  When she got to the
 kitchen everybody was shocked at her apperance.

 Quinn said, "Daria? Why are you dressed like that?"

 Melody replied, "Daria's gone. We're being reassingned to Vatacan City.
 Jill, Dan, hope you've had fun bossing me around and giving me orders but
 it's over.  Angel no more Vice-president of the fashion club you're a
 misfit again.  Everybody go get your clothes.  Don't worry about the guns
I
 got them already."

 Jill(Helen) age 38 and Angel(Quinn) age 19 cheered and ran upstairs, they
were mother and
 daughter and they were so alike it was disturbing.  They
 had both hated this undercover assignment because they had to cover up
their
 natural blonde hair.  Melody was glad to have them around but they were
 still annoying.  Furthermore they had only been with the group for four
years so
 they weren't as familiar as Dan, and Melody hated working with unfamiliar
people.  Dan(Jake) age 40 on the other had had
 been with her since the beginning of the misfits and even before that.
 Melody still remembered the day they met like it was yesterday.  
	Melody had been an orphen and had taken up with drug dealers.  Since she
was only 12 she was given the drugs ands she had to deliver them.  She got
100 dollars a
 delivery and she got to carry a 45 automatic.  That day she had  3 pounds
 of cocain and 1 pound of heroin she had just started and she had 3 more
 miles to walk.  On her way she came upon two guys dressed in suits and
 black shades. Both had guns pulled and on the other side of those guns
were three other guys.  Since she only liked fair fights, and this fight
was certainly not fair, she decided to help
the
 guys in the suits figuring that they were a kind of drug dealers.  She
took
 out her automatic and shot one of the three guys in the knee.  He dropped
 to the ground and his gun went flying.  That was all it took the shootout
 started.  Thirty seconds later the two suits were standing up one of him
 shot in the arm and the three other guys were lying on the ground in pools
of their own blood moaning in pain.  The two suits went into action.  They
 ran to the three guys on the groun and Melody figured they were going to
 finish them off and looked away because she didn't like to see the brains
 blown out of peoples heads.  When she didn't hear gunshots she turnd back
 to see the two suits handcuffing the guys on the ground.  THE SUITS WERE
 COPS!!!! She had 4 pounds of illeagal drugs in a sack and she had just
 helped out two cops.  It was not a good situation.  She started backing
 away but the suits were too fast for her and they got her and took away
her
 gun so that she was helpless.  To melony's surprise they didn't kill her
or
 search her.  They sat her down on a crate and started asking her some
 questions like 'why do you have a gun' and 'how did you learn how to shoot
 so good' stuff like that.  By the end of the conversation they had learned
all about her and her job.  Also she was made an honerary member of the
 ICIA, which was an international Central Intellagence Agency, in return
she had to take down the drug ring she worked for  
 The two men, whose names were J and Dan defended her after she almost
 killed the dealer in a shootout, they also took her under their wings and
 tought her all about the ICIA and how to acy.  3 weeks later she was
 officially a member of the ICIA and the youngest member too.
 By her 16th birthday she was a vetern and J who was now about 44 was about
 to retire.  Before he did he got promoted to a desk job as the head of the
 deartment.  Dan tayed with her through thisk and thin, even though many
 newcomers and oldtimers didn't like her because she was young and better
 that them.  The fact that she was sarcastic and cynical probably had
 something to do with it too.
 When she was 20 she was givin her own group to stop all of the arguments
 and fights.  Her, Dan, Russel , and her old lover Josh, formed the
misfits.
  Russel and Josh were killed 2 years  ago on assignment in Iraq.  That's
 when Jill and ANgel joined the group.
 Dan had said something bringing her back to the present.

 "Huh" she said somewhat embarrassed that the wasn't listening to her
 mentor.

 "I said," said Dan, "didn't J promise that you could stay for another
 year?"

 Mel closed her eyes and said, "I don't want to talk about it OK Dan."

 "Yeah, sure, fine." said Dan.  He respected Mel's privaacy and knew when
 to back off.  He got up and went to pack.

 1 hour later
Melod was putting the last of the group's things in their cars.  Dan was
 going to drop her off at Lawndal's storage facility to get her car.  The
 car had been specially made for her and she loved it.  She also loved that
 Angel was jealous and envied her car, that was another perk of it.

 Melody heard a voice, it said, " Hey, who're you and where are the
 Morgandorffers?"

 "Fuck." Melody said to herself.  She had been hoping to gey going with our
 goodbyes OR explanations, those things required too much emotion and
sometimes got messy.  But she had something for that.  she turned to
 Jane and said, "Are you Jane Lane?"
 Jane nodded.

 Melody handed Jane a letter and said, "A Daria Morgandorffer told me to
 give this to you."  She handed Jane the letter and jumped into the car and
 yelled, "Drive.Now"
 Jane watched the car go and then opened the letter and read it out loud.
 It said:

 Dear Jane,
 The person that gave you this letter was me.  My real name isn't Daria
 Morgandorffer, it's Melody Powers.  Daria is just an alais.  I am a member
 of the ICIA.  I was sent here t bring down Mrs. LI's drug ring.  Temorrow
she'll be arrested during school.  Say bye to Trent for me.  I actually
 loved him tell him that.  ALso if you tell anybody about us I'll have to
 send someone to kill you and Trent.  I love you guys like family but
you'de
 still have to die.  Sorry.

 Love,
 Melody powers A.K.A Daria Morgandorffer

 Jane looked at the letter again, dropped it to the ground, and started to
 cry.  She cried for 4 hours.


 THE END

 BY JAMES SCANLAN

 This is all MTV's blah blah blah blah blah blah blah.  Don't sue me.
