Title: No More Deviants
Author: J (poor shmuck from Wisconsin)
Description:  Lawndale gets two more freaks.  Damien's brother and big sister.
And we find out what Damien did to Mr. Schneider. All in the next thrilling
installment of the "Don't call him 'Hearing Impaired'" Series

Author's note: This is my second fic. (the first one being "Damien's Day in
Lawndale Hell")   It starts the day after the events in "Damien's Day."  To
those who e-mailed me with your compliments and comments, thank you very much.
I'll try to come up with something resembling a plot next time.

In the meantime, Enjoy this next one (or print it out and burn it if you want)
and send your comments to:

Kain1330@aol.com

DISCLAIMER: Daria and all its characters are © and ® MTV, a division of Viacom
entertainment.  Daria and all her cohorts were created by Glenn Eichler and
Susie Lewis.  The "Philosophers Drinking Song" is © Monty Python. used without
permission. The Kinsingtons were created by and are © James "J" Clark.  Use
without permission for the purpose of turning a profit is strictly prohibited.
and if I find out that someone IS using these w/out permission, I will
personally hunt you down, hang you with piano wire from a meathook, and
videotape your slow, painful, agonizing death.  so don't even try it

Also, Yes, english is my primary language.  I just don't have a spelcheker on
the program I used for this.

Also: If you haven't read my first fic, READ IT!! But, if you're really that
lazy, I might as well tell you, Damien is deaf and Daria is the only person
outside his family who knows sign language.

Note:  I know I use a lot of obscure references.  If you don't understand
something, it's probably in the endnotes.

Also: In case you were wondering, (yeah, right) I have decided to call this
the "Don't call him 'Hearing Impaired'" series.

Also: I was just wondering...

CUT TO: The auditorium of Lawndale High.  The entire student body and all the
faculty are there, screaming.

Everyone:  GET ON WITH IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Erm, sorry

So, anyway, without futher ado

BEGIN TITLE SEQUENCE

TITLE APPEARS OVER A GREEN BACKROUND

Scene 1: Daria's room.

Daria is lying on her bed, writing something.  Damien is sitting, indian
style, on a chair, adjusting some mirrors on both sides of her computer.  He
finishes adjusting them then starts typing on her keyboard, Occasionally
checking those mirriors. He turns to Daria and gets her attention.

Damien:  Get inspired?

Daria:  Just for that stupid essay for O'Neal.

Damien: (sarcastically) Oh, Thanks, I almost forgot about that

Daria: Anytime.

Damien returns to her computer and starts playing with her keyboard.

Daria:  What are you doing?

Damien: playing a game called "Midtown Mayhem" it's one of those games where
you get points for driving with complete reckless abandon. (grins)  Look at
all those people fleeing for their lives.

Daria: Fun.  (starts looking at it like she recognizes something) Have I seen
this before?

Damien: I doubt it.  It came out a couple days ago.  Why?

Daria: I just know I've been in this car before.

Damien looks at the game, shrugs, and continues playing.  Enter Jake.

Jake: Oh, hey honey, your mother asked me to drive to the grocery store, wanna
come along?  Take a trip with your old dad?

Daria: Actually, I was just about to go over to Jane's house.  Um, maybe some
other time.

Jake:  Oh, no problem.  (sees Damien) Who are you?

Damien doesn't answer, obviously

Jake:  (getting pissed) Oh sure, ignore me, JUST LIKE MY OLD MAN!!!!

Daria: (trying to calm him down)  Dad, He can't hear you.  He's deaf.

Damien checks the mirriors and looks at Jake

Jake: Oh, (to Damien) I'm Jake, Daria's dad. (offers his hand) Who are you?

Damien: (after Daria translates, shakes Jake's hand and speaks) Damien.

Daria: (speaking and signing) As I was saying, we were about to go over to
Jane's house.

Damien: (speaking) yeah. (turns off the computer.  Gets up and looks at Jake)
Nith meeding you.

They both exit.  Jake stands there, stunned

Jake: He shook my hand.  Quinn's fella's never did that

Scene 2:  A Street

Music: Tier by Ramms+ein

Damien:  So, Jane's house it is then?

Daria: Actually, can we stop at your house?  I want to see what other books
you have.

Damien:  That's probably not the best idea.  Eric called this morning.  He's
making my mother fly out to London on monday. She's not too happy with it.

Daria: Why?

Damien: Probably because we were just there.  See, we moved to America from
England four years ago...

Daria: Why America?

Damien: We read somewhere that you guys had 24 hour dental floss hotlines,
sponge pets, and 3.7 million americans who believe they were abducted by
aliens at one time or another.  It was clear you needed us.  Anyway, after
living over in Kenowhere for three and a half years, mom got the partnership
at the firm, so we moved here.  Then, about the week after we moved here, Mom
got a call.  One of her college friends died.  So we flew out to London for
the funeral.

Daria:  Kenowhere?

Damien: Kenesha.  It's over in Shepler county.  and yes, it is just as
exicting as it sounds.

Daria: I'll bet, but continue.

Damien:  Well, after the funeral, we decided to take a grand tour of England,
Scotland, and Ireland, which we were going to do before we left for Kenesha if
we had the time.  We were in the old country until three days ago.  And now
she has to fly back to talk with an expert in this case she's working on.

Daria:  Why can't they just fly him here.

Damien:  I think that if they fly her over and back, and then fly him over,
they can get three times as much out of the client.  (shrugs) That's business
economics for you

Daria: Mrs. Bennet would be so proud.

Cut to: A close up of a bush.  We see two hands part the bush, spying on our
heroes.  We see Damien signing "I'm sure" as they continue walking.  We hear
two voices offscreen.  one male, one female.  Both British.

Male:  What are you doing?

Female: You'll see, come on. (pause) Come on!

Cut back to Daria and Damien.  Daria looks back for a couple beats, then turns
back to Damien.

Daria:  You said you had siblings, right.

Damien: Yeah

Daria: and that one of them is going to be your interpreter?

Damien: Yeah, Miranda.  why?

Daria:  Does she, by any chance, look like the main character from Run Lola
Run?

Damien:  I guess you could say that.  Wait a minute, How did you know?

Daria: Lucky guess.

Suddenly, two hands grab Damien and pull him offscreen.  We hear the sounds of
a struggle.

Cut to: an extreme closeup of Damien. with said hands giving him a Dutch rub.
He breaks free and signs.

Damien:  JESUS CHRIST MIRANDA, CAN'T YOU SAY HELLO LIKE A NORMAL PERSON?!!!!!

Camera pans over to reveal two people.  The woman looks very young and would
make Quinn look ordinary.  She has shoulder length, REAL red hair and an
eyebrow ring in her left eyebrow.  She is wearing a black baby tee with a red
evil face on it, kakhi cargo pants, and black Doc Martin boots.  the guy next
to her looks like Damien, but with shorter, spiked hair and clothes that look
like they come from GQ magazine.  He also has the exact same glasses that
Damien has.  The woman starts signing to him and speaking. she has a playful
look on her face.

Miranda:  You missed us, little brother.  I can tell.

Daria: You're his siblings, I assume?

Guy:  Yeah, I'm Darren. (extends his hand.  Daria shakes it)

Miranda: Johann Gambolputty (pause) De von
ausfern-schplender-schlitter-crasscrenbon-fried-digger-dingle-dangle-dongle-dungle
-burstein-von-knacker-thrasher-apple-banger-horowitzcolensic-(Takes a breath)
grander-knotty-spelltinkle-grandlich-
grumblemeyer-spelterwasser-kurstlich-himbleenisen-bahnwagen-gutenabend-bitte-einnürnburger-bratwustle-gerspurten-mitz-
weimache-(takes another breath)
luber-hundsfurgumberaber-shönendanker-kalbsfleisch-mittler-aucher von
Hautkopft of Ulm. But you can call me Miranda, since noone seems to remember
all that.

Daria: I wonder why.  I'm Daria.   You're a monty python fan, I take it.

Miranda: Obviously.  So, where you headed.

Damien:  We were just about to go over to her friend's house.  You want to
come along.

Darren: Depends, what do we do there.

Cut to: The Sick Sad World logo.  (with Closed Captioning)

Announcer:  Are the Yorkshire terriers of the planet trying to kill you and
take over the world?  Megalomanical mutts next, on Sick Sad World.

Scene 3: Jane's room.  Daria, Darren, and Miranda are lying on Jane's bed.
Jane is feverishly doing a painting of Damien sitting on the ground in a
contortionist's position, Miranda is reading "In Search of Duende" by Fredrico
García Lorca

Miranda: Not if the Ministry of Pets has anything to say about it.

Jane: The British have a ministry of pets?

Darren: (shrugs) If we did, it wouldn't suprise me.  We have a department or
ministry for pretty much everything.

Miranda: I think it's supposed to make it look like the government actually
does something.

Daria: (deadpan) Suprise, suprise.  (looks over to Jane, who is really getting
into her painting) Hey Jane, do you have anything to say on this?

Jane: This is SO cool.  What's it like to be double-jointed?

Darren: Well, considering the amount of extreme stretching that it took to get
that way, I'd say painful.

Daria: What?

Miranda: Oh, Darren's the same way.  See, there's no such thing as
double-jointedness.  That amount of flexability comes from extremely vigorous
stretching of the muscles.  All thanks to a psychotic gym teacher.

Daria: That sucks

Darren: Don't worry, we exacted our revenge right before we left for Lawndale.

Daria: What'd you do?

Miranda: Stole his mail, wrote "DECEASED" on every piece, and put in his out
box.  I still don't think he ever straightened things out

Daria: I'm sure.  Do you plan on pulling something like that at Lawndale?

Miranda: Depends.  What are the teachers like? Pretty cool?

Daria starts laughing, hard

Darren: Oh shit.

Cut to Commercial.  Stinger: Damien getting a Dutch rub.

Scene 4: A hallway at Lawndale High. (WARNING: obligatory "New female meeting
Upchuck" scene approaching)

Quinn is talking to the three J's, who are looking O.S. right.

Quinn: So then, like, Stacy said that some people use their hands to talk. And
I said that...Hey, aren't you guys listening?!

The three J's go O.S. right. A couple beats later, they walk onscreen, huddled
around Miranda. Our other heroes follow a beat later. Quinn has a look of
shock mixed with extreme jealousy

Joey: Hi, I'm Joey.  Want to go to Chez Pierre?

Jeffy: I'm Jeffy. Want to do something this weekend?  I've got my dad's
corvette.

Jamie: I'm Jamie, and uh....

Miranda turns to face them

Miranda: Boys, how old are you?

The three J's: (one after another) sixteen

Miranda: O.k. I'm twenty, so I don't think it'll work out.  Nice meeting you
anyway. Joey, Jeffy, Jamie. (leaves)

Joey: She likes me.

Jeffy: No she doesn't, it's me she wants.

Jamie: She likes me.  She got my name right.

CUT TO: Our heroes. Miranda catches up with them.

Daria: Nice, there is just one more test for you to pass.

Jane: You must battle the dreaded Upchuck!!

Miranda: I can handle him.

Upchuck: (offscreen) Oh Ladies!!

Daria: O.K, you're up.

Upchuck enter from the right

Upchuck: (growls) So, we have a new lucious lovely for the Chuckmeister to
work his magic on, hmm?

Miranda: Sir, go away before I kill you.

Upchuck: Grr, feisy

He goes to cop a feel, but Miranda sprays him with some liquid from what looks
like a windex bottle. He covers his face in his hands and screams. She then
knife hands him on the upper lip, grabs the back of his shirt, and throws him
halfway down the hall. He is knocked out.  Everyone claps.

Jane: Good going. What is that stuff anyway?

Miranda:  What, this? (points to the bottle) Tear gas. Grandpa's recipe.
(shakes her head) I love my family. (Looks at Upchuck) So, this is Upchuck,
huh?

Daria: Yeah, he's multi-talented. He can talk and piss you off at the same
time.

Miranda: I don't think he'll be giving me any more problems.

Daria: Don't bet on it.

They leave. Camera pulls back to show Ms. Li. she looks condecendingly at
them.

Scene 5: Mr. O'neill's class

O'neill: (to Miranda, who is standing next to his desk) Um, Miss, could you
take your seat? the bell rang.

Miranda: Oh, I'm not a student, I'm Damien's interpreter.

O'neill: Oh, I'm sorry

Miranda: For what? (looks at Damien and points her thumb at O'Neill. Her face
has a "What the f---" look to it.)

CUT TO: Damien, who just shrugs. Camera turns to O'neill

O'neill: So, are you going to be there for his presentation?

Miranda: What?

O'Neill: I'm having him give a presentation on what it's like to be deaf in
this modern world.

Miranda turns to Damien and signs

Miranda: Are you going to do what I think you're going to do?

CUT TO: Damien. He has an evil smirk on his face

Damien: Bring your stopwatch

Camera turns back to O'Neill

O'Neill:  Well class, we have two new people joining us. Please welcome, um
(checks his seating chart) David Kingston.

Darren: (slightly annoyed) That's Darren Kinsington.

O'neill: Oh, my mistake. (turns to Miranda) and um...

Miranda: Miranda Kinsington. Damien and Darren's big sister.

Cut to: Kevin, who is staring at Miranda, rather lustfully.  Until Brittney
smacks him upside the head. Cut back to O'Neill

O'Neill: Oh, that's exiting.  Having family members can really help you ease
into student life.

Darren just rolls his eyes.  Jane whispers to him

Jane: I think he's been talking to Ms. Li again?

O'Neill: Normally I would ask you to hand in your assignments, but I think we
should get to know our new friends first. So, Melinda...

Miranda: (annoyed) Miranda.

O'neill: Go ahead and explain yourself.

Miranda: Well, My name is Miranda, I am twenty years old, I was born in
London, I have two older sisters, a twin sister Michelle, and two younger
brothers. I am fluent in fourteen languages and five Sign language systems,
and I like to sing.

O'Neill: Oh, wonderful. Why don't you give a little impromptu performance for
us.

Miranda: Um, (embarrased) Actually, I'd rather not.

O'Neill: Nonsense.  You should express yourself. It's a good path to the road
of Self Esteem. And it'll show the youness inside.

Miranda: (gets an evil grin) Do you really want me to?

O'Neill: Sure.

Miranda: Ok, oh brother dear..

Darren comes up to the front of the class.  He puts his arm on her shoulder.
Cut to Damien, who rolls his eyes.  He knows exactly what they're going to do.
Cut to Darren and Miranda. They look at each other, and start singing like
they were two drinking buddies.

D & M: Immanuel Kant was a real pissant who was very rarely stable. Heidegger,
Heidegger was a boozy begger who could think you under the table David Hume
could outconsume Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel And Wittgenstein was a beery swine
who was just as shloshed as Schlegel

There is nothing Nietzsche couldn't teach ya 'bout the raising of the wrist
Socrates himself was permenantly pissed.

Je-ohn Stewert Mill of his own free will after 'alf a pint of shandy was
particularly ill Plato, they say, could stick it away 'alf a crate of whiskey
every day Aristotle, Aristotle was a bugger for the bottle And Hobbes was fond
of his Dram And René Descartes was drunken fart "I drink, therefore I am"

Socrates himself is particularly missed A lovely little thinker but a bugger
when he's pissed.

They take their seats.  The other students are on the floor laughing. Mr
O'Neill looks very embarassed

O'Neill: Well, very....um....nice

Cut to: Daria

Daria: (to Miranda) Good one.

Miranda: You ain't seen nothing yet.

Scene 6: Damien and Miranda are walking down a hall.

Miranda: So, how did you get a free period?

Damien: I tested out of math. (faux psychotic) And I don't care what they say.
I am NOT going back.

Miranda: I don't blame you.  Where are we going anyway?

Damien: Computer lab. I want to do something in there.

Miranda gives him a look of suspicion

Damien: Don't worry, it's not...completely illegal.

Miranda: (sarcastically) Now I'm convinced.

Damien: And I need to ask Darren something.

They open the door to the computer lab.  We hear Kevin's voice

Kevin: Hey Darien, You know about computers and stuff, right?

Darren: Its Darren, and yeah. Why?

Kevin: Like, my computer says press any key to continue.  Can I borrow your
keys.  Mine are locked in my car.

Darren: (sarcastically) Have you tried breaking the window.

Kevin: Well, My top is already down, so why would I need to do that?

Darren groans.

Cut to Commercial. Stinger: Darren and Miranda singing.

Scene 7: The Auditorium

The moment of truth has arrived. Damien is sitting in a chair onstage. Miranda
is standing on the ground in front of the stage, translating. Ms. Li is
speaking at the lectern.

Li: And one final note, I'd like to report that the rumor that I was planning
to put tracking microchips in the skull of each student is COMPLETELY false.
The technology doesn't even exist. (speaking lower) honestly, what do those
scientists we fund do all day?

CUT TO: Daria, Jane, and Darren, who are sitting together.

Jane: Yeah, what DO they do all day?

Daria: Yeah, to hell with AIDS and Cancer research, they need to find a way to
make teenagers life even more unbearable.

Darren: Please tell me she's kidding!

Daria: 'Fraid not

CUT BACK TO: The stage.

Li: Now, here with a special presentation is Mr O'Neill

O'Neill goes to the lectern

O'Neill: Thank you. You know, the world of self esteem can be a very funny
thing. Some people don't have it, but with help, they can find that it's a
place everyone would want to live.

CUT TO: Daria

Daria: No, that would be Spooner.

Darren: Yeah, whenever I think of paradise, I think of towns in northern
Wisconsin.

CUT BACK TO: O'Neill

O'Neill: I'd like you to meet Damien, (starts overacting) whose uplifting
story of growing up with a unique disability will inspire you to new levels of
Self esteem.

Damien stands up and moves centre stage. He starts signing, with Miranda
translating.

Damien: Thank you. I'm Damien, and in case you haven't noticed, I'm deaf.  I
have been since I was fifteen months old. It hasn't been easy.  I have heard a
lot of things like: "You'll never be normal", "You are somehow different" and
stuff like that.

O'Neill gets a look of pity. Damien looks at Miranda. Camera cuts to Miranda,
who is holding something in her hand. she shows the camera what it is. it is a
digital stopwatch. Cut to: Damien, who smirks and continues.

Damien: And, unfortunately, some of it has come from (points to O'Neill. his
face looks like a mixture of sarcasm and anger) Mr. "I really like me"
himself.

O'Neill looks absolutely horrified.

CUT TO: Daria

Daria: What?

Damien: Just watch.

CUT BACK TO: Damien

Damien: (continuing, he looks absolutly PISSED.) I mean, First he thinks it
strange for a deaf person to have self-esteem, like we are supposed to be
constantly depressed due to our "disability." Then, he says that I should give
this speech to help the NORMAL kids with low self esteem. WHAT THE FUCK IS
THAT ABOUT?!!!!!! I suppose that in his world it's ok to imply that I'm
somehow different from the rest, that I should be pitied, that I should be
made to stand out, that I should be treated differently because of something
that is more of a fact of life than a disability. And this jackass is supposed
to make me feel BETTER ABOUT MYSELF?!! WELL NICE GOING
ASSHOLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Most of the students start laughing and applauding as he storms offstage and
down the stairs leading to the stage. as soon as he gets off the stage, his
angry demeanor dissapears. He casually walks over to Miranda and looks at the
stopwatch.

Cut to: O'Neill, who has now gone fetal, sucking his thumb. Miss Barch is
comforting him. Cut back to: Damien His face goes from happiness to
disappointment.  Daria, Darren, and Jane walk up.

Jane: Well?

Damien: Four and a half seconds. Not bad, but not good enough, unfortunately

Daria: Well, you can't win them all. Wanna go for pizza?

Miranda: Sure.

As they are about to leave, Damien takes a bow and exits.

Scene 8: The Zen

Trent: Thanks, We're Mystik Spiral. We'll be back for a second set. (they walk
offstage)

Jane: So, what'd you think?

Miranda: It's...music

Darren: Yeah, and it has a beat...and guitars...and bass

Miranda: At least they're big in Japan, right?

Jane just smirks. Miranda turns to Damien, who is looking off camera.  Camera
cuts to a mysterious figure in a black trenchcoat and black fedora.  The
figure exits the club. Camera pulls back to show that Damien is watching the
person leave.

Miranda: (offscreen)Hey Damien, what did you...

Camera cuts to Miranda, who taps Damien on the shoulder.  He looks at her.

Miranda: What are you looking at?

Damien looks back offscreen.

Damien: Nothing, I guess.

Miranda: Oh, How'd you like the band

Damien: It had a pretty good beat to it. That's all I can report.

Daria: He could hear that?

Miranda: He can feel rhythms. Didn't you notice that he had a drum set in his
room?

Daria: Ah.  So, what do you think Li will do about O'Neill?

Miranda: I wouldn't worry about it. He'll be back in a couple days. A week at
the latest.

Daria: Damn

Darren: Well, take what you can get. Now, what do we do about DeMartino?

Damien: (after a couple beats) I'll decide later. In the meantime, I hearby
christen us the "School Anti-Spirit" club.

Daria: What's our charter?

Damien: To resist anything that will let Ms. Li look good while she screws the
students. To break up the Fashion Club, and to get four kids and an
interpreter out of homeroom every Wednesday.

Daria: I'm in

Jane: Me too

Miranda: Hey Darren.

Darren: Oh what the hell

Miranda: There, it's settled.

Trent: (walking up) Hey Janey

Jane: Trent, this is Miranda, Darren, and Damien.

Miranda: You guys weren't half bad.

Trent: Thanks. (To Jane) We're gonna go shoot some pool, wanna come along.

Jane: Sure, Daria?

Daria: Um...sure, I guess.

Miranda: (to Trent) I'll play you a game.

Jane: You sure, They're really good.

Miranda: So am I, besides, I'm up for a challenge.

Jane: Suit yourself.

They all walk out of the Zen.

Roll Credits.

Jake as a D.J.

Daria as Butthead

Sandi as a preacher

Damien as Johnny Rotten

Jane as a Skater

Jeffy as an arab Sheik

Miranda as Siva

Joey as Tom Servo

Daria Logo

Fin.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

End Notes:

Damien is...adjusting some mirrors on both sides of her computer: Some deaf
people do this, so they know when someone else enters the room.

"Daria: I just know I've been in this car before/Jake: Your mother asked me to
drive to the grocery store": See, Jake is a rather reckless driver (I think he
even has a suspended license.)

"Damien: Nith meeding you": no, this isn't a typo. I'm trying to transliterate
what a deaf person sounds like when they speak. (Want to know what they sound
like? Try this. Try talking, but exagerate your mouth movements and use as
little of your tongue as possible.

"Run Lola Run": A 1999 german movie about a girl who has twenty minutes to
find 50,000 Marks to replace the fifty g's that her boyfriend lost. If she
can't raise the money, her boyfriend dies. The main character has this REAL
red hair.

Darren: I wasn't going to include Darren when I started writing this, then I
decided "What the hell" I plan to make him like Mack. Popular, but still
sarcastic.

"Johann Gambolputty...De von ausfern-splender-schlitter...von Hautkopft uf Ulm
": Monty Python reference. I don't think I need to explain it further

"Yorkshire terriers": I hate those dogs. They're cute, I know, but one of my
mothers friends has one, and there was a time when my mother just wouldn't
shut up about it. so maybe they are taking over the world.

"Fredrico García Lorca": Spanish poet.  He was killed in the thirties under
the Francisco Franco regime. He thought that Franco wouldn't silence him
because he (Lorca) was too widely known. Lorca was wrong.

"Miranda: I think it makes it look like the government does something": Well,
that's my theory anyway. The British seem to have a department or ministry for
pretty much anything.

"Darren: Well, considering the amount of extreme stretching it took to get
that way...": I'm living proof. I had a psychotic gym teacher sophmore year.
He would make us do twenty minutes of EXTREME stretching before every class.
As a result, I can now bring my legs behind my head.

"We wrote 'DECEASED' on every piece (of mail) and mailed it out": I did this
to said gym teacher.  He told me that it took him over a year and a half to
sort out the resulting mess.

"She then knife hands him on the upper lip": The upper lip has a lot of nerves
that are close to the skin. Don't try this at home.  You could seriously kill
someone if you hit them hard enough.

"Miranda: Tear gas, Grandpa's recipe": You can make tear gas at home.
Basically it's ground red pepper seeds brewed with alcahol in a coffee
percolator for about half an hour. This is equivlent to the pepper spray that
old ladies carry.

The Philosophers Drinking Song: Another Monty Python reference. This is from
the "Bruces" sketch, in case you were wondering.

"After 'alf a pint of shandy": Shandy is beer mixed with ginger beer or 7-up
(lemonade to the british)

"Hobbes was fond of his dram": Thomas Hobbes, a 17th century philosopher with
a very dim view of human nature. Dram: I'm guessing it signifies Drambuie,
which is a type of whiskey that was the personal liqueur of Prince Charles
Edward (Bonnie Prince Charlie) The name comes from the gaelic "Dram Budheach"
The drink that satisfies

"Daria: No, That would be Spooner": A town in Northern Wisconsin. It is a
medium sized place with a history of railroads, timber, that sort of thing.
Their website says that "It is a rich history steeped in the natural beauty of
the land with flowing streams, cattail swamps, the sounds of ducks and geese,
the waving of wild rice in the soft evening breeze and the bright and shiny
tip of a fawn's nose as it nuzzles its mother. It is a country rich in the
essance of life itself." Yeah, whatever. The town's motto is "A place where
everyone would love to live" Although apparently there's some sort of embargo
that prevents everyone from following their dreams and moving to Spooner.
Personally, I doubt the veracity of the "Place where everyone would love to
live" I live right near the Wisconsin/Illinois border. The climate is bad
enough here.

"Four and a half seconds": In "Damien's Day at Lawndale Hell" he told us that
he once made a teacher at his old school go fetal in under three seconds, he
was trying to beat that.

"Miranda: How'd youlike the band?/Damien: It had a nice beat to it": Deaf
people, while they can't hear normal sounds, can feel rhythms (I know a deaf
kid who played drums. and he was DAMN good too)

"The School Anti-spirit club": What my clique called ourselves in high school
(Officially, however, we were the stage crew for the musicals.)

On a final note, this is my second fic. It's a bit shorter than the first. (27
kb, compaired to 46 the last time.)
