NO NUDES IS GOOD NUDES:
a _Daria_ OAV by Peter W. Guerin
prose adaptation by Austin Loomis
 
"Ain't no doubt about it, we were doubly blessed
 'Cause we were barely seventeen and we were barely dressed"
-- Jim Steinman, "Paradise by the Dashboard Light"
 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
AUTHOR'S DISCLAIMER
 
None of this ever happened.  This story is entirely a work of fiction.  
As for continuity, this story takes place after the events depicted in 
"Stupid Sunday".
 
ADAPTOR'S DISCLAIMER/OBLIGATORY LEGAL BLAP
 
Daria Morgendorffer and the rest of the Lawndale characters were created 
by Glenn Eichler and Susie Lewis and are copyright 1993, 1997, 2000 MTV 
Networks, a Viacom company.  (As Michelle Klein-Haess points out, work-
for-hire sucks the yolks from ostrich eggs.)  They are here used, without 
the permission of their creators or owners, in the not-for-profit context
of fan-fiction.  This storyline is copyright 1999 Peter W. Guerin, aka 
Mark Zero Fan Fiction Unlimited (*clang! clang!*  OUCH!  I HIT MYSELF 
WITH THE FRICKIN' HAMMER!), and was adapted into prose form by Austin 
Loomis (to whom the adaptation is copyright 2000) with permission.
	All characters, locations and incidents are either imaginary 
or else used fictitiously.  Any resemblance to actual persons living, 
dead, undead, or wandering the night in ghostly torment is either purely 
satirical or not my fault.
	As a "substantially transformative" derivative work, this story 
is protected by the Supreme Court's decision in re Campbell v. Acuff 
Rose Music.  It may be freely redistributed as long as this disclaimer 
(and all other text) is maintained intact, but may not be in any way 
redistributed for profit without permission of the legal owners of all 
concepts and formatting involved.  The present adaptor hereby gives 
permission for any and all keepers of Daria fanfic pages to archive this 
work (as if I could stop them).  Any publication of this story for profit 
without the express written permission of Austin Loomis, Peter W. Guerin 
and MTV Networks (like any of that'll happen, especially the last) is 
strictly prohibited, and violators, if I ever decide to track them down, 
will be strung up by the thumbs, beaten about the head and shoulders 
with a free-range carrot, and handed over to corporate lawyers who will 
do terrible things to them on purpose.
 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Our story begins at six PM on a Friday night in Lawndale, USA, at 111 
Howard Drive, the home (when they're there) of Vincent and Amanda Lane.  
Up in her room, their youngest child, Jane Lane, artist extraordinaire, 
had been staring at a blank canvas for quite long enough, thank you very 
much.  She was suffering from a severe creative block.  She picked up 
one of her brushes, then slammed it down in disgust.  _Dammit!_ she 
thought.  She just couldn't seem to get the old creative juices flowing 
today, and it was going to be her brother Trent's birthday in another 
ten days.  What was she going to do for his present?
	Just when she needed something to keep her from having to face 
that problem, the phone rang.  Jane answered it with her usual "Yo!"
	"Jane," a familiar voice replied, "it's Daria.  What's up?"
	"Well, I seem to be suffering from some mental block.  I want 
to do a painting to give to Trent for his birthday and I'm stuck."
	"That's a rare day where you're suffering from a creative rut," 
Daria Morgendorffer remarked.  "Anything I can do to help?"
	"Maybe call in a truckload of Prozac?"
	"You *do* sound desperate.  Anyway, don't forget I'm going to 
be over on Sunday for our weekly Bad Movie Night.  I did tape _Demon City
Shinjuku_, and I do intend to watch it."
	Jane remembered that Daria'd faced a choice between watching 
that particular Saturday Anime as it aired on the Sci-Fi Channel or 
making it to the Bowl-Buster concert at the Zen.  _Thank God, or at least 
Akio Morita, for the VCR._  "What's that supposed to be about again?"
	"It's kind of like _Nightmare on Elm Street_ meets _Wall Street_.
This evil wizard takes over Tokyo's financial district and this guy and
his girlfriend're supposed to stop him from taking over the rest of the
world."
	"Sounds like the type of film they should give the old _Mystery 
Science Theater 3000_ treatment!"
	"Sorry, MST3K doesn't do anime."
	"Aw, man!" Jane kevin-ed.  "I would have loved seeing those guys 
riff on _Project A-ko_ and _Akira_!"
	"Sorry to disappoint.  Anyway, see you on Sunday?"
	"Sure.  Just remember to bring the No-Doz in case we begin to 
fall asleep."
	"Gotcha.  Got to run; Quinn's expecting one of the Three J's 
to call her."
	"Bye."  She hung up and let out a sigh of despair.  _What am 
I going to do?_ she asked herself again.  _I've just got to paint 
something nice for Trent for his birthday!_
 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
The next morning, at about eleven-thirty, the four members of Lawndale 
High's Fashion Club were having lunch (a salad, and a diet soda, for 
each of them) at a common table in the Food Court at Cranberry Commons, 
the major mall in Lawndale.
	"So," club vice-president Quinn Morgendorffer asked, "does 
everybody have a date for tonight?  I'm going to go out with Jeffy."
	"Oh, are you, Quinn?" club president Sandi Griffin smirked in 
her deep tones.  "I've got a date with Skyler Feldman."
	Quinn scowled at that.  She'd gone out with Skyler once before, 
the time she bailed on baby-sitting Tad and Tricia Gupty and talked Daria 
into taking her place.
	"I don't have anyone to go out with, I'm afraid," secretary Stacy 
Rowe had to admit.
	"I don't have anyone myself," added coordinating officer Tiffany 
Blum-Deckler in her usual subdued whisper.
	"Well," Sandi snarled, "at least Quinn's weirdo sister Daria 
has someone, that Trent freak.  God, I think I saw them having sex at 
the Seven Corners a while back."
	The way Sandi was talking made Quinn decidedly uncomfortable.  
She might not be crazy about Daria, particularly since the Fashion Club 
had finally found out they were sisters and not cousins, but still, she 
*was* family, and Sandi shouldn't be practically calling Daria a whore.  
"Uh, Sandi, let's change the subject."
	_Why is Sandi doing this?_ Stacy thought to herself, remembering 
the car crash Daria and Trent had gotten into at Seven Corners.  _I owed 
it to Daria to be there for her when she needed help.  After all, she 
and her friend Jane were the only ones willing to listen to me when I 
got dumped and cried my eyes out on the Ferris wheel at the medieval 
fair.  I've got to get to know Daria better; she doesn't seem to be the 
evil person Sandi's painting her to be._
	"Anyway, guys," Quinn breezed on, unaware of Stacy's inner 
turmoil, "I think I'm about to take the plunge!"
	"What do you mean, Quinn?" Tiffany rasped.
	"I'm thinking seriously about losing my virginity."
	"Well, duh!" Sandi sneered.  "What took you so long?"
	"And what do you mean by that remark, Sandi?"
	"Oh, nothing."
	"Well, for your information," Quinn scowled, "I just might do 
it with one of the Three J's.  You know, they look harmless enough."
	"You mean, they won't fight back if you assert yourself."
	"And what do you mean by *that?*"
	"Uh, guys," Stacy piped up, "could you excuse me?  I've got to 
go to the ladies' room."  She got up and went.
	"What is with her these days?" Tiffany wondered.  "Stacy's been 
making a lot of trips to the bathroom."
	"Well, maybe she's got a case of the Hershey squirts, if you 
know what I mean."
	"Sandi!" a shocked Quinn gasped.  "How can you say that about 
Stacy?"
	"Well, Daria would say that if *she* was here, wouldn't she?"
	_No, she wouldn't.  She'd say something a lot subtler, something 
Stacy might not even get._  "What is it with you being so obsessive about 
Daria all of a sudden?  So, she's my sister, but does that really mean 
anything?  Sure, she reads a lot and she thinks all the time, but 
everyone's got to have a specialty; mine's fashion, guys and my friends.  
Just let it go, Sandi.  Daria's really nobody."
	"Listen, Quinn, Daria is a nerd, a bitch and a creep.  If she 
tries to show me up again like she did at the debate tournament, I swear 
I'll kill her!"
	A worried look crossed Quinn's face.  _Does she really mean that?_
	"Like, what is Stacy doing anyway?" Tiffany wondered, but nobody 
else seemed to notice or care.
	(In fact, Stacy was kneeling over a toilet puking her guts up, 
thanks to the bottle of syrup of ipecac she'd just killed.  If someone'd 
seen her then, it might have saved a lot of people a lot of trouble.)
	"So, Quinn," Sandi wondered casually, "when do you think you 
and Jeffy will do the horizontal mambo?"
	"I hope to ask the big question at Chez Pierre tonight.  Wish 
me luck."
	"Quinn," Tiffany rasped, "I really envy you."
	Stacy came back just then.  "Did I miss much?"
	"Oh, no, Stacy," Quinn assured her.  "C'mon, guys, let's hit 
the stores again!"
	They all got up and went on about their day.
 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
At about two that afternoon, Jane came down the stairs of Casa Lane, 
still bereft of good ideas on what to paint Trent for his birthday and 
exasperated at the lack.  She saw Trent reclining on the living room 
couch, apparently watching something on TV.  "Yo, Trent!" she called 
out.  _Maybe if I get him talking, he'll give me an idea._
	Trent looked up.  "What's up, Janey?"
	"Oh, just suffering from some creative block."  She now noticed 
what Trent was watching: a videotape of James Cameron's _Titanic_, right 
in the middle of the famous scene where Jack Dawson (Leo) is doing the 
nude sketch of Rose DeWitt Bukater (Kate Winslet).  "Trent, since when 
did you like _Titanic_?"
	He looked a little embarrassed.  "Oh, I just like the final third 
of it, when the ship hits the iceberg and it goes down.  It's cool seeing 
all those people drown.  It kind of gets me inspired."
	_Inspired.  Yes._  A vision swam across Jane's sight:
	*Daria nude, striking a pose similar to the classic _September 
Morn_ pose Mariel Hemingway did on that episode of _Civil Wars_ where 
she was being painted in the nude, arms covering the parts (nipples and 
pubis) that can only be shown on premium channels.  A gentle breeze blew 
her hair ever so slightly.  The background was _sakura_, cherry blossom 
petals, floating down from the sky against a pink background, like a 
romantic fantasy scene in a _shoujo_ anime.  Daria herself was, in that 
moment and pose, the picture of pure romantic innocence.
	"I want you, Trent," she said.
	"You are so beautiful, Daria," he replied.
	They moved closer to kiss.*
	"Eureka!" Jane exclaimed aloud.
	"I took a shower this morning after I woke up, Janey; I swear 
I did."
	"No, I didn't mean that, Trent!  I mean I got an idea!"  She 
hurried out the door.
	"Whatever."  Trent took the remote, ejected the first tape, and 
put in the second, already cued up to the scene where the look-out 
screams "ICEBERG, DEAD AHEAD!"  Trent had to chuckle a bit.
 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Forty-five minutes later, give or take, Jane was a few blocks down the 
street, in Daria's padded room at 1111 Glen Oaks Lane.  She'd proposed 
her idea to Daria, who was now sitting on her bed saying, "For the last 
time, no!"
	"C'mon, Daria, it'll be fun!" Jane insisted from her position 
leaning on the handrail.  "It'll be the only time I ever ask you to pose 
nude for me!  I swear!"
	"Remember after I got my belly button pierced, how we said I 
was doing a dumb thing to please a guy?  I promised myself that I'd never 
do anything like that again, even if it's for Trent."
	"You know, I could always ask someone else to pose for me."
	As if on cue, Quinn passed by Daria's open door, fresh out of 
the shower, her hair wet, her body wrapped in a pink towel.  "Hey, you 
guys, what are you two arguing about?"
	"Quinn, how would you like it if I did a nude painting of you?"
	"Well," Daria's sister answered, a bit apprehensive, "I didn't 
exactly like that painting of me you did where I was getting guillotined, 
or the sketch where I was shot in the head."
	"C'mon, it'll be fun.  Let's see what you've got."
	"OK, but I hope I've got a good figure for this."  She undid 
the towel and let it drop.  I could go into more detail, but this isn't 
that kind of a story.  Use your imagination; if it's anything like mine, 
you won't be disappointed.  "Well, what do you think?"
	"I think Trent will love it!"
	Quinn was instantly disgusted and panicked.  "UGH!  You're 
telling me you're doing this for Trent?!  EWWWWW!"  She picked up the 
towel, wrapped it up again, and fled to her room.
	"OK, OK," Daria surrendered, petrified that Trent even *might* 
like a painting of Quinn nude, "you've sold me on that.  You haven't 
been taking lessons from Jodie, have you?"
	"Nope; any skills in extortion that I have are mine alone," Jane 
insisted.  "Besides, from what I saw of you that day at the car wash 
fund raiser, you've got quite a figure."
	"Let's face it, Jane; I just don't have that great of a body.  
I'm short, I've got small breasts, and I don't have much in the way of
hips."
	"Hey, some guys like small-breasted women.  I personally don't 
like people like Pamela Anderson who put tons of silicone into their 
boobs anyway.  Can I set you down for a 2 o'clock sitting tomorrow then?"
	"OK, Jack, I'll be there."
	"Knew I could count on you, Rose."  She exited with an evil smirk.
	_Just count to ten,_ Daria said to herself, clenching her fists, 
_and let all those impulses about killing her go down._
	Quinn appeared again, now wearing a pink floor-length gown.  
"Is she gone?"
	"Yes, Mrs. Hugh Hefner is gone.  Where are you going dressed 
like that?"
	"I've got a date with Jeffy at Chez Pierre tonight."
	"And you're dressed up for the occasion now?"
	"Daria, it's best to be prepared for this way ahead of time.  
That way it makes the guy think you put in a lot of time preparing for 
your big night."
	"Maybe one of these days you should go out on a date wearing 
*my* clothes," Daria invoked the spectre of the Fashion Club's "Fashion 
Don'ts Costume Party" that had planted the seeds of her film project 
_The Depths of Shallowness_.
	"And maybe sometime *you* should go out to the Zen dressed like 
*me!*"
	Daria supposed it was only fair for her sister to counter with 
a reminder of the desperate stratagem that had called time-out on Quinn's 
career as a pseudo-intellectual poser with accessories from the street 
fair.  Rather than concede defeat, though, she audibly sniffed the air.  
"Let me guess, more of that `Nothing Smells!' all-over teen body 
deodorant and moisturizing spray."  Had someone at the Bowl Buster 
*really* made uncomplimentary remarks about her personal odor, or was 
it just that Quinn's comments on the subject had gotten her jumpy enough 
to imagine them?
	"Daria, will you give me a break about that!  All you have in 
your medicine cabinet is your toothbrush!"
	_Because anything else I need, I can `borrow' from you or mom 
or even dad._  "And I bet you're still using those tampons that were 
linked to toxic shock syndrome in laboratory animals."
	"Well, it beats those pantyliners you're using!"
	"This conversation is getting ugly."
	"It *started* ugly."
	"Then it's getting uglier.  In fact, it's turning into the kind 
of conversation that can only end in one of us ripping the other's throat 
out like a marauding wolf -- and you don't want *that* kind of a dry-
cleaning bill on your conscience, do you?"
	"*Fine!*  Let's see if Trent finds you attractive because you 
smell.  Emitting feminine order is so...unfeminine!"  Quinn stormed out 
in a huff.
	_I wonder if I can persuade the President to order a strategic 
air strike against Lake Success, New York?_
 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
By seven PM, Quinn was at Chez Pierre (real cloth napkins, fake French 
accents), seated across a table from the tuxedo'ed Jeffy Malone.  They 
were enjoying their dinner (Medaillons de Boeuf Bearnaise pour elle, 
Bouillabaisse pour lui).  She took a sip of her soda and noticed it was 
a bit flat, but she didn't want to spoil the moment just yet, so she 
simply said, "Jeffy, I'm really enjoying dinner tonight."
	"Uh, glad you like it, Quinn!"
	*Now* she could flag down the waiter.  "_Garcon, mon soda est 
flat.  Envoyer il revenir._"
	Jeffy passed a hand under the table and touched Quinn's hand.  
Quinn blushed ever so slightly.  The waiter took up the soda and departed.
	"You know, Quinn, I really dig you, baby."
	"Gee, thanks!"  She could feel herself blushing even more.
	"Uh, Quinn, is there something you wanted to ask me?"
	"Well--uh--er--um--"
	"Take all the time you want, Quinn; it's all right."
	_Now or never, Morgendorffer._  She drew a deep breath.  "Well, 
I, I, I, I, I, I--"  Suddenly, she gripped her stomach.
	"Quinn, you don't look so good."
	"Excuse me, Jeffy!"  She ran to the ladies' room and had a nice 
loud puke, then exited in haste.  "Uh, Jeffy, I've got to go now!  I 
don't feel so good!" she gabbled at his back.
	"Uh, sure, Quinn.  _Garcon, le cheque!_"
	Quinn began to cry silently, knowing she'd missed her chance.
 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
The next afternoon around two, Jane was in her room, standing next to 
her easel, with some paint ready on her palette.  "C'mon, Daria, let's 
get the lead out here."
	"OK," Daria said as she approached down the hallway, "but I'm 
warning you, if you even smirk at me just once, I'm ripping your lips 
off and shoving them down your throat!"  Wearing her magenta robe, Daria 
now stepped inside Jane's room, closed the door behind her and stood 
a few feet away from Jane.
	"Come on now, take it off, or I'll be forced to play `Night
Train'!"
	At the mention of that strip club standard, Daria scowled, undid 
the sash on her robe, and slipped out of it.  This still isn't that kind 
of a story; I say again, use your imagination.
	"Heeeey!" Jane couldn't resist saying once the robe had hit the 
floor.  "Nice bod!"
	"Hey, you promised!"
	"Chill out, already!"
	Daria set her glasses aside and struck that Mariel Hemingway 
pose, right arm across the mountains (well, okay, the hills, but they're 
higher hills than they usually get credit for) and left hand down to 
cover the valley.  Jane now began painting in earnest.  "After you're 
done, I want to do a nude painting of you, Jane."
	"Uh-uh-uh!  Turnabout is *not* fair play!"
	Daria scowled at that remark.  Suddenly, there came a knock on 
the door.
	"Hey, Janey," Trent's voice came through the wood, "could I 
borrow some artist's varnish from you?  I ran out of varnish to polish 
my guitar neck!"
	Daria instantly went into total panic mode.  "Don't let him see 
me like this!" she blurted.
	"Relax."  Jane grabbed the bottle of varnish and went to the 
door.
	"Is everything all right in there, Janey?" Trent's voice asked 
from the other side of the door.
	Jane opened the door and gave Trent the varnish.  "Yeah, 
everything's cool."
	"Uh, what are you doing exactly?"
	"I'm doing something really special; it's kind of a surprise."
	Daria, still holding the pose, was starting to sweat.  _If I 
survive this,_ she thought, _I swear I'll kill her!_
	"Cool," Trent replied.  "Thanks."  He closed the door.
	"OK," Jane turned back, "now where were we?"
	"I've got to take a break from posing like this," Daria realized. 
"My arms are starting to hurt."
	"OK, take five."  As Daria dropped her arms to her sides, her 
left arm was no longer covering her navel, and Jane noticed something.  
"Hey, is that the scar from where you got pierced?"
	"I don't want to talk about it."
	"And that's a very interesting birthmark on your right breast."
	"Will you stop looking at me like that?  It makes me feel 
uncomfortable."
	"C'mon, Daria.  Trent's seen you like this.  You did sleep with 
him after we freed Lawndale from the Militia."
	_But that time, I *knew* he was looking._  "I just feel 
uncomfortable about other people looking at me nude.  I've been that 
way since Todd sexually assaulted me."
	"Daria, you look beautiful.  You really do.  You just don't 
realize it.  You're so used to looking at yourself wearing your Full 
Armor of Brain all the time.  I wear this lipstick and all these earrings 
because I think of my body as a canvas.  But *you* don't need make-up.  
You're perfect the way you are.  Don't let anyone else tell you 
differently."
	Daria could feel her mouth quirking upward into that faint Mona 
Lisa smile.  "Thanks, Jane.  You just made me feel better about myself."
	"So let's finish this painting up, then, OK?"
	"OK."  She resumed the position.
 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
At about that moment, a yellow convertible, driven by a young lady who 
shall remain nameless, but who had a rather deep voice for a girl her 
age, was pulling up outside Morgendorffer Home Base.  The car stopped, 
and the driver retrieved from the dashboard a rock she had picked up 
from the side of the road en route.  Putting on a pair of gloves, the 
driver threw the rock right at the barred window of Daria's room, 
smashing the glass, then drove off at high speed.
	"Jake," Helen Barksdale Morgendorffer gasped, hearing the crash 
of glass from overhead, "what was that?"
	Jake Morgendorffer, looking up from his paper, replied "What 
was what?"
	Helen groaned in exasperation at her husband's usual oblivious 
approach to life.
 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
By six-thirty, Jane was finished with the painting -- a nude Daria 
against a pink background, with sakura petals floating around her -- 
and the real Daria was dressed again.
	"Well," the artist and pizza-fiend asked, "what do you think?"
	"Jane, I have to say I'm impressed."
	"Now all we have to do is to keep it hidden until Trent's birth-
day.  He's going to love it!"
	"Just as long as you don't do something stupid and put it on 
display first."
	"I promise you I won't do anything like that, Daria."
	_But then again,_ Daria thought, _why do I have the feeling that 
that's *exactly* what's going to happen?_
	Suddenly, the phone rang, and Jane answered it with her usual 
"Yo!"  A pause while the caller spoke.  "It's for you, Daria; it's Helen."
	Daria picked up the phone.  "Hi, Mom."
	"Daria," her mother said, "I couldn't get through to you for 
hours!"
	"Well, Jane's mother can't hear it when she's down in the base-
ment doing her pottery; Trent usually sleeps through it, and Jane usually 
leaves it off the hook when she's doing her paintings."
	"Daria, you'd better get back here.  Someone threw a rock through 
your window."
	*That* got her attention.  Half an hour later, the Morgendorffers 
-- all four of them -- were gathered in Daria's room, surveying the 
broken window.  "I don't know who could have done this," Helen repeated 
what she'd said on the phone.
	Daria noticed that the rock was still lying on the floor.  "Do 
you think the police could analyze the fingerprints on the rock?"
	"I've already thought of that, but it looks like the person who 
did this was wearing gloves."
	"Whoever did this was pretty sharp," Jake noted.
	Quinn rounded on her sister.  "Are you happy now, Daria?  People 
are getting physically violent against you and your geeky friends.  All 
this wouldn't have happened if Mom didn't tell Sandi's mom that we were 
sisters!"
	"And what do you mean by that, Quinn?" Daria asked her sister 
in tones that could have chilled a soda for her.
	"It's obvious, isn't it?  Most people can't stand brains like 
you."
	"I think Albert Einstein once said something to the effect that 
brilliant minds are often persecuted."
	"Maybe we're all making more fuss about this than it's worth," 
Helen theorized, "but I'm going to contact some of our friends and find 
out who could have been responsible."
	"Anyway," Jake decided it was time to change the subject, "how 
was your day over at Jane's, kiddo?"
	"Fine," Daria replied.  "I helped Jane with a painting she's 
doing for Trent's birthday."
	"Oh, that's nice of her, sweetie," Helen gushed.  "Anyway, the 
glaziers are going to be here first thing after you've gone to school, 
so the window will be fixed by the time you get back.  Of course, we'll 
have to have those God-awful bars removed first."
	"Well, you did promise to redecorate my room after we moved in 
here."  _Or was that a threat?  In either case, she hasn't found the 
time to sign my third-grade report card yet, so I suppose there's no 
real cause for alarm._
	"I will, Daria; I've just been so busy these days."
	"And most of the rest of my life."
	"Well, if no one minds," Jake decided, "I'm going to have a 
martini."
	Helen rolled her eyes as her husband headed downstairs, then 
indicated a piece of cardboard and some duct tape on the floor.  "In 
the meantime, you can put that piece of cardboard over the broken pane.  
I've got to finish up on some paperwork for the defective hand grenade 
case for the local National Guard unit."  She followed Jake downstairs.
	"I could help," Quinn offered, probably not meaning it for a 
second, "but I've got to try out some new scrunchies I got yesterday.  
Bye!"  She booked it down the hall to her room.
	With a sigh, Daria picked up the cardboard and tape and began 
to bung up the broken pane.  _I always wind up having to clean up other 
people's messes around here, don't I?  Just a few hours ago, I was posing 
for Jane, and now I'm fixing my window up.  That's the sad story of my 
life._
 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
The following night at seven-thirty, in the living room of Casa Lane, 
Amanda Lane's "Women in Clay" support group was in full swing.  Various 
women were busy shaping pottery on wheels.  Any Lawndale High student 
would have recognized the group's newest member, LHS art teacher Claire 
DeFoe, the only person there with bigger, clunkier jewelry than Amanda's 
mighty earrings.
	"OK," Amanda said, "we're about to start on our latest project: 
making some nice vases to donate to the Senior Citizens' Center so they 
can put flowers in them and help cheer up the patients there.  Shall 
we begin?"
	Claire raised her hand.  "Excuse me, Amanda, but before we start, 
could I use your bathroom?"
	"Sure.  The one down here is being used by Heather, but the one 
upstairs is available."
	"Thanks."  Claire headed up the stairs.  On her way to the actual 
bathroom, she passed Jane's bedroom, where Jane was busy on a painting.  
Claire decided to stop by and see her after taking care of her business.
	A minute or two later, there was a knock on Jane's door.  "Mind 
if I come in?" said a voice.
	"Oh, hi, Ms. DeFoe," said a surprised Jane, admitting her fave 
teacher.
	"So, this is your room?"
	"Everyone gets shocked the first time they see this place."  
She lifted up her sheets.  "See, I use cinder blocks to hold up my bed."
	"This is amazing," DeFoe observed, noticing all the art around 
her.  She noticed a painting of a girl's head in a guillotine, then 
recognized the face.  "Say, isn't that Daria Morgendorffer's sister Quinn 
there?"  _I think I've seen her once or twice not smiling, and she looked 
like that._
	"Well," Jane blushed, "I was in a bit of a foul mood that day."  
Daria had gone to Grove Hills with Jodie, and Quinn's Fashion Mob friends 
had one by one thrown her out, and Princess Grace had kept talking all 
night.
	"You know, Jane, you're a very talented artist.  You should put 
some of this on display.  You know, the County Museum of Modern Art is 
going to be hosting a `Best of Teen Art' exhibit.  It won't be a contest 
or anything like that, and Ms. Li won't have any control over the content.
I know you're still mad about how she and Mr. O'Neill tried to censor 
your anti-bulimia poster."
	_Yeah, and having to destroy it in order to save it.  And then 
Brittany wound up winning._
	Claire then noticed the nude.  "Oh, Jane, this painting is 
beautiful!"
	Jane saw what DeFoe was so wowed about.  "Uh, that one I was 
going to give to Trent for his birthday one week from today."
	"Isn't that Daria there?" DeFoe realized.
	Now Jane was *really* getting embarrassed.  "Well, it was just 
a crazy idea of mine."
	"Daria looks so innocent and beautiful in that picture.  Who 
would have guessed that beneath her drab clothes and her glasses was 
someone so ravishing?  Jane, *this* is the picture I think should be 
displayed at COMMA."
	"Ms. DeFoe, I told you, this is going to be Trent's birthday 
gift."
	"It'll only be for a month.  You can give it to him after that."
	"I promised Daria I wasn't going to put this on display.  She 
was kind of embarrassed posing for it in the first place."
	"Please, Jane, don't do this for me or for the school; do it 
for yourself.  I think this is the best painting you've ever done."
	Jane was taken hook, line and sinker by this.  "You really think 
so?"
	"Yes, and I'm not just saying that because I'm your teacher.  
I really mean it."
	"OK, but I don't know how Daria's going to take this."
 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
The next morning at nine-fifteen, in the hallowed halls of Lawndale High, 
Daria didn't take it well at all.  "You did *what*?!?!?!?"
	"C'mon, Daria, Ms. DeFoe said it was only going to be for a
month."
	"Jane, I don't think I can be comfortable with the fact that 
everyone in the Tri-County Area can see me stark raving naked at the 
local art museum.  I could be the target of protests."
	"Who would protest?"
	"Sandi and the other members of the Fashion Club.  There's also 
my parents to consider."
	"Do you really worry what Jake and Helen will think?  Besides, 
when you're in art class, you have to do a nude painting eventually, 
right?"
	"Then how come the art class here in school doesn't do that?"
	"Mostly because Ms. Li would have a fit, but the Tri-County Board 
of Co-operative Educational Services is out of her control.  That's where 
I took that life drawing class.  Got a painting out of those sketches."
	"Of a man or a woman?"
	"A woman, a redhead.  The one you said was `really bursting out 
of the picture plane,' remember?" 
	"I remember.  She had `bursts' the size of Wisconsin."
	"It was actually fun, in a plastic sort of way."
	"You are a pervert, you know that?"
	Jane smirked evilly.  "I've been sneaking peeks at my mother's 
issues of _Playgirl_ since I was thirteen."
	"That figures."
	"Daria, I promise you that if anything goes wrong, you can 
scratch my eyes out."
	"Don't tempt me."
	"Besides, it could have been Quinn being put on display at COMMA."
	Daria had to smile a Mona Lisa smile at that.
 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
At about ten-thirty AM, the Fashion Club members were sitting at their 
table in the LHS Cafeteria.  Quinn was bemoaning her failure.  "Oh, I 
can't believe I blew it!  I had the chance to ask Jeffy and I blew it!"
	"Oh, I bet you were afraid about `blowing it' in a different 
way."
	"Sandi, I won't go down on a guy!  That's gross!"
	"Hey, it's easy."
	"You're not saying that you. . ."
	"Yes, Quinn.  You're just afraid of what would happen when the 
guy. . ."
	"Let's not go there, Sandi!"
	"Yeah," Tiffany chimed in, "let's not."
	"You know," Stacy remarked, "this is making me sick.  I've got 
to go to the bathroom again."  She got up and went.
	"Anyway," Quinn resumed the conversation, "I'm going to ask Jamie 
instead."
	"Yeah," Sandi sneered, "and this time, don't throw up!"
	"Speaking of throwing up," Tiffany remarked, "I'm still concerned 
about...all the trips Stacy's making to the bathroom."
	"You know, Stacy's been acting weird since she got on that Ferris 
wheel along with Daria and Jane at the mid-evil fair.  Her continued 
membership in this organization is beginning to become questionable."
	"Oh, come on, Sandi," Quinn tried to plead, "Stacy's still the 
same old girl we know."
	"I don't know about that," Tiffany pointed out.  "She doesn't 
make this many trips to the bathroom usually."
	"Who cares?" Sandi concluded with her usual bottomless wells 
of compassion.  "Anyway, Quinn," she grabbed a banana from the bowl of 
fruit next to her, "let me show you some technique I picked up."  She 
peeled the banana, closed her eyes, opened her mouth and slowly inserted 
the banana into it.
	She began to move the banana in and out of her mouth, making 
noises around it that reminded Quinn of the "singer" on a disco record 
she'd heard about five seconds of once while scanning between stations 
on a long drive -- something by Donna Summer, wasn't it?  "Sandi, you're 
making me sick!"
	Sandi stopped her little produce sex show.  "You know, Quinn, 
you're not going to get anywhere with guys unless you're willing to do 
anything for them.  You're as stubborn as your sister Daria, you know 
that?"  Sandi's face twisted into a rather ugly grimace.  "Boy, do I 
hate her!  I'd like to wrap my hands around her throat and strangle her 
until she turns twenty different shades of blue and purple!"
	Quinn was starting to get really nervous about what Sandi was 
saying.  "Uh, Sandi, we all can't stand Daria, but that doesn't mean 
we should kill her?"
	"Yyyeeeaaahh, Sandi," Tiffany piped up, "like, get a grip!"  
That made twice within five minutes that she'd taken Quinn's side to 
Sandi's face.  Anyone else might have taken that as a message.
	Stacy returned from the vomitorium.  "Did I miss much?"
	"Er, no," Quinn decided.
	"Quinn," Sandi smarmed, "if you want to get ahead in this world, 
you've got to be more assertive.  Otherwise, you're just going to be 
stuck right where you are."
	"But I'm trying my best!"
	Stacy decided to change the subject.  "Hey guys, did you hear 
that COMMA's going to be exhibiting some teen artwork starting tomorrow?  
Ms. DeFoe said that a piece done by Jane Lane's going to be the center-
piece of the exhibit.  She's giving these flyers about it to all the 
parents."  She showed everyone the flyer she'd picked up.
	"UGH!  Not Jane!  I can't stand her!  She and her brother both!  
Her brother's always calling me," Quinn did her best imitation (which 
wasn't very good) of Trent's gravelly tones, "`Daria's sister!'  What 
does Daria see in Trent anyway?  He's just a guitar-playing bum!  He 
doesn't even know how to dress fashionably.  What is wrong with that 
whole family, for God's sakes?"
	"That," Tiffany whispered, "I'm afraid we'll never know, Quinn."
	Just then, the bell rang to signal the end of the period.
	"Save you a place at the mirror, Quinn!" Stacy called out as 
she left.
	Sandi was still muttering to herself.  "To slip some lye into 
Daria's milk at lunch and see her gag!  Yeah!  Yeah!  Yeah!"
	Quinn was puzzled, and a little nervous.  _I hope I'm reading 
the signs wrong.  Because if I'm right, then Sandi is about to go non-
linear...and God help Daria if she's anywhere near Sandi when that 
happens._
 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
At seven the following night, the County Museum of Modern Art was quite 
crowded.  Plenty of familiar faces had turned out for the opening of 
the exhibit.  The Morgendorffers were way in the back, with Daria taking 
the rearmost position, in an effort to stay inconspicuous as long as 
possible.  Standing next to Daria was Charles Ruttheimer III, the octopus 
of love, better known to the girls of Lawndale High as "Upchuck"; Daria 
was silently praying for him not to have noticed her yet.  The Lanes 
-- well, Vincent, Amanda, Trent and Jane, anyway -- were up front.  From 
her vantage point, Daria could see everyone else: Sandi, her parents 
and her two monstrous little brothers; cheerleader and living pudding 
Brittany Taylor, with her father, stepmother and kid brother; quarterback 
and human sieve Kevin Thompson with his parents; Jodie Abigail Landon, 
superstudent, with her parents, little sister and baby brother; Principal 
Angela Li, the power behind the pantsuit, whose choice of a career in 
education had deprived a prison somewhere of a take-charge, no-nonsense 
warden; language-arts and self-esteem teacher (and human marshmallow) 
Timothy O'Neill; science teacher Janet Barch, taking a break from her 
one-woman war against the sex that had put her through (as she'd tell 
anyone who held still long enough) twenty-two thankless years of legal 
slavery; social studies teacher Anthony DeMartino, clearly keeping his 
right eye in its socket by force of will; Dr. Margaret Manson, the school 
psychologist who'd mistaken Daria's low esteem for humanity in general 
as low *self*-esteem; Nurse Chase; Ms. Morris, the girls' gym teacher, 
to whom Daria owed a special humiliation one of these days; Coach Gibson; 
and Ms. DeFoe, up in front with a picture with a cloth covering it.  
Standing next to Ms. DeFoe, behind a podium, was Arthur Riley, the 
director of COMMA, a man of middle years with slicked-back hair and a 
thin mustache, wearing a dark blue Armani suit.  _When that drape comes 
off,_ Daria thought, _all hell will officially break loose._
	Looking for something to distract herself from that cheery fact, 
Daria happened to spot the other two Fashion Club members, Stacy and 
Tiffany, plus Goth-chick and fellow outcast Andrea Hecuba, and the Three 
J's: Joey LaPann, Jeffy Malone and Jamie White, the trio of drones that 
usually swarmed around the Quinn Bee.  Also present, oddly enough, were 
Trent's bandmates in Mystik Spiral.  Or, at least, she recognized pretty-
boy rhythm guitarist Jesse Moreno, and the kid next to Jess in the jeans 
and the Mystik Spiral T-shirt looked enough like him to be (probably) 
his kid brother Danny, editor of the Spiral Fan Club's newsletter.  That 
meant the other two with them must be Nicholas Campbell, the bass player, 
and Max Tyler, drummer and owner of the indestructible Tank; she'd seen 
them a couple of times, at Spiral gigs at the Zen, and was pretty sure 
the bleach-blond was Nick and the one with the shaved head was Max.
	"You know, it was real nice of Ms. DeFoe to invite us to this 
art exhibit, don't you think, kiddo?"
	"I'm thrilled," Daria answered her father's gushing in her usual 
monotone.  She wondered what was going on elsewhere in the crowd.
	"So, Trent," Jesse wondered, "what's with you saying your sister 
is headlining this exhibit?"
	"Janey's teacher was so impressed with some painting she did 
that she wanted to display it.  That's all I know."
	"Hey, Trent," Danny piped up, "you know if Jane's going to have 
that drawing she promised me for the next issue of the newsletter?"
	"I dunno.  I'll have to ask her after the exhibit opens."
	"Oh, Darrrriaaa!" said an all-too-familiar voice as God's gag 
gift to women approached her.
	_God help me!_ Daria said to herself, knowing He wouldn't.
	"You know, art has a way of bringing out romance.  After this 
exhibit, would you mind spending some intimate time with me?"
	"Upchuck, if you don't leave me alone this instant, I *will* 
cut your tongue out."
	The Chuckster got the message and made a quick exit, passing 
the Spiral guitarists as he went, with his usual parting shot, "*Rowr!*  
Feisty!"
	"Hey, Trent, isn't that guy the one they call Upchuck that 
Daria's always talking about?"
	"That guy needs a lot of help," Trent shrugged at Jesse.
	Mr. Riley tapped the microphone.  "May I have your attention, 
please?" he asked.
	_Sure,_ Daria thought as the crowd quieted down.  _It's not like 
they were using it anyway._
	"Thank you," Riley went on.  "Good evening, ladies and gentlemen, 
and welcome to the County Museum of Modern Art.  Tonight, we at COMMA 
are very proud to open this exhibit dedicated to teen art.  All of these 
pieces of art on display here were made by local teens on their own time."
	_What a waste,_ Ms. Li thought to herself.  _If what Miz DeFoe 
was telling me about Miz Lane's painting is true, it should have been 
done in class in order to bring honor unto...Laaawndale Hiiiigh!_
	_I wonder what Jane's done that merits her painting being the 
centerpiece of the exhibit?_ O'Neill mused.
	_Why,_ DeMartino asked himself, _am I *wasting* my *time* here 
when I should be getting *drunk* at the *Rathskeller*?!_
	_This could give me an opportunity to see how Jane ticks,_ Dr. 
Manson realized; _often art expresses what's in the painter's mind._
	_I hope she's a better artist than she is as an athlete!_ Ms. 
Morris noted.
	"To open this exhibit," Riley went on, "I'm pleased to have 
Claire DeFoe, the art teacher at Lawndale High, unveil the centerpiece 
of the show.  It's a painting done by one of her students, Jane Lane, 
called `Naked Innocence.'  Ms. DeFoe?"  DeFoe stepped to the podium.
	"Maybe she did a nude painting of Brittany!" contractor Doug 
Thompson smirked.  He didn't realize he'd said it out loud until his 
wife Charlene smacked him upside the head.
	"Doug, knock it off!  You want to put ideas in Kevin's head that 
he should be sleeping with that tramp?"
	"That reminds me, Ashley-Amber," Steve Taylor remembered, "I've 
got to donate that nude of you to the Getty Museum."
	The second Mrs. Taylor giggled.  That had actually been funny, 
unlike some of the lame "jokes" her husband told (which served mainly 
to motivate her study of the state's community-property laws).
	"Man, I'm just glad they're not-for-profit," Andrew Landon mused; 
something like this is very risky taxwise."
	"Andrew," Michele Landon pointed out to her husband, "the museum 
is operated by the county government."
	This statement triggered an instant reversal on the part of her 
husband, a Keyes Republican in fairly good standing.  "Man, this place 
is an even bigger waste of taxpayers' money than welfare cheats are!  
You'd think at least they'd have some Renaissance paintings here!"
	Jodie closed her eyes and put a hand to her forehead.  "Dad!"
	"This has got to be good!" Linda Del Monaco Griffin gloated.  
"I smell controversy brewing!  If only I was still a beat reporter!"
	"If this painting sells for a lot of money," her husband Tom 
reflected, "Jane's going to need some investment advice and some tax 
help."
	"Like, Dad," Sandi wondered morbidly, "you wouldn't really be 
that freak's accountant now, would you?"
	"Well, I did help her and her brother when the IRS was on their 
case."
	Sandi's younger brothers, Sam and Chris, continued fighting.
	_Why did I even bother showing up for this?_ Andrea wondered.  
_So far, it's just a big bore!_
	"Thank you, Mr. Riley," Ms. DeFoe said.  "Before I unveil this 
piece of art, let me just say that when I first saw this in Jane's room, 
I was very surprised.  When you see this painting, I'm sure you'll agree 
that it's a very beautiful work.  And so, without further ado, I now 
unveil `Naked Innocence.'"  She stepped up to the painting and removed 
the cloth.
	Expressions of shock immediately glued themselves to most of 
the faces present, though a few people showed amusement and/or wonder 
instead.
	Helen was the first to articulate what a number of people had 
probably realized.  "Wait a minute!  That's Daria!"
	"Where?" Jake looked around.
	"Jake, that's her in the painting, you dolt!"
	"Where?" Jake reiterated, oblivious as usual.
	"Right in front of you, Dad!" Quinn pointed out reluctantly.
	"Cool!" Trent remarked.
	"Man, out of sight!" Jesse replied.
	"All right, Daria!" Andrea gave props to her fellow outcast.
	"What!" Sandi fumed.
	"Huh?" Stacy and Tiffany boggled as with one voice.
	"Ho-boy!" Andrew Landon sighed.
	"Impressive," Steve Taylor remarked.
	"YOWZA YOWZA!" Doug Thompson cheered, causing Charlene to smack 
him upside the head again.
	"ROWR!" Upchuck growled.  "The girl of my dreams, as I've always 
wanted to see her!"
	"OOOOO," Linda gloated, "I'm going to roast Helen but good on 
this!"
	"Daria," Helen sternly commanded her older daughter, "I want 
a word with you right now!"
	Daria closed her eyes and put a hand to her forehead.
	"Well," Quinn bemoaned, "my reputation's shot to hell now!  
Everyone's going to be calling me `the sister of the weirdo who posed 
nude for that painting at COMMA!'"
	"My God, Daria," her father boggled.  "I didn't know you were 
that...well-endowed!"
	"Daria," her mother took the lead, "how could you do that to 
us?"
	Daria decided to stand her ground as best she could.  "I just 
did it as a favor for Jane.  She was doing it so she could give it to 
Trent for his birthday."
	"A nude painting of yourself is not a very appropriate birthday 
gift for a guy who's five years older than you *and* an adult!"
	"Then again, she does look kind of...cute."
	"Jake, shut up!"
	"Yes, dear," the backup singer said meekly.
	"Daria, you've just embarrassed us!  What do you have to say 
for yourself?"
	Since, as long as you're not actually dead yet, things can always 
get worse, it didn't surprise Daria when she saw Ms. Li approaching her 
and her family with Mr. O'Neill and Mrs. Manson.  What *did* surprise 
her was the Queen Disciplinarian's opening conversational gambit.  "Miz 
Morgendorffer, I have to say that I'm stunned, but in a positive manner.  
This painting of Miz Lane's really impressed me."
	"Remember that the next time you call us on the carpet," Daria 
stated flatly.
	"Daria," O'Neill said, "I didn't knew you were so..."  He took 
a moment to decide how to say it in a way that wouldn't risk a lawsuit.  
"...captivating without your glasses."
	"It's obvious you're suffering from an unstable mind," Dr. Manson 
observed.  "Care to make an appointment for tomorrow to discuss this?"
	"Dr. Manson," Li interjected, "this is not the act of an insane 
person -- this is a work of art!"
	_I wonder what's got into her?_ Daria mused.
	Trent came over then with his bandmates.  "Hey, Daria, nice 
painting."
	Daria could feel herself blushing.  _At least I'm not getting 
that rash._  "Well, Trent, I--"
	Helen interjected.  "I don't know if you set your sister and 
my daughter up to this, but right now, I am very mad at you, young man!"
	"Hey, Mrs. M, it was Janey's idea."
	"And besides," Amanda Lane added, approaching right behind her 
son, "it's beautiful.  You know, your daughter is very interesting,
Helen."
	"Amanda, if I want your opinion or anyone else's from your kooky 
family, I'll ask for it!"
	Along came Linda Griffin, looking like the cat that ate up all 
the cream.  "So, Helen, how does it feel to have a daughter who's a slut?"
	Helen popped Linda one across the mouth, then grabbed Daria by 
the wrist and hauled her away, trailed by Jake and Quinn.
	"You know, Linda," Tom Griffin told his wife, "you really know 
how to push her buttons."
	"Who asked you!?"
	"Mom," Trent stated the obvious, "I don't think Daria's parents 
like the fact she posed for the painting."
	"And why do I have the feeling she's not the only one?"
 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
For the answer to that question, we jump to the KSBC 11 O'clock News, 
and to a man named Brad Schlitz, watching it at home in his living room.  
	"We lead off tonight's news with a shocking development at the 
County Museum of Modern Art.  It seems the centerpiece of a `Teen Art 
Exhibit' is a nude painting of a sixteen-year-old local girl made by 
a friend of hers as a birthday present.  Jane Lane, also sixteen, of 
111 Howard Drive, said she originally made the nude painting of her 
friend Daria Morgendorffer to give to her brother, Trent, age 21, lead 
singer and lead guitarist for local rock band Mystik Spiral.  Claire 
DeFoe, Ms. Lane's art teacher at Lawndale High School, was so impressed 
with the painting that she decided to have it displayed at COMMA.  
However, when it was unveiled and its subject revealed, an uproar ensued 
in which Daria's mother, noted local lawyer Helen Morgendorffer, punched 
KSBC's own Vice President of Marketing Linda Griffin.  Police had to 
be called in to break up the melee that followed, and the museum closed 
early."
	To know why this news affected Schlitz, you need to know that 
he was the president of the Lawndale Taxpayers' Association, the civilian 
wing of the Lawndale Militia.  The present scribe is willing to give 
Schlitz the benefit of the doubt and think it possible that on a good 
many matters, he honestly believed he was saving America from the sort 
of "degeneracy" that had toppled the Roman and British Empires.  The 
fact that the solutions he favored were likely to lead to the birth of 
the First American Empire either never registered with him or wouldn't 
have mattered if it had; the way he (presumably) saw it, if it led to 
the kind of "moral decay" he saw all around him, democracy was highly 
overrated.
	(I said I was giving him credit for, maybe, honestly believing 
he was doing the right thing by trying to turn America into a fascist 
dictatorship in the name of preserving the Constitution.  I didn't say 
I agreed with him.)
	_They're not gonna use *my* tax money to display kiddie porn at 
their museum!_  He picked up the phone and dialed a fellow "patriot's" 
number.  "Yeah, Ben?  It's Brad.  Time to organize another picket and 
file another lawsuit!"  The other party spoke for a few moments.  "I 
know we lost that last one, thanks to that bitch Judge Feeder, but this 
time, we're gonna have a case even she can't throw out!  Meet me at COMMA 
tomorrow morning at nine o'clock!"
 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
At about nine-thirty the next morning, Daria and Jane were walking down 
the halls of LHS when they spotted Quinn and the rest of the Fashion 
Club approaching from the opposite direction.  "Prepare for trouble, 
Daria!"
	"I can handle those creeps, Jane."
	"Hey, Daria," Sandi oozed, "I didn't know you needed an electron 
microscope to see your tits!"
	Quinn was mortified.  Okay, so Daria was no prize, but Sandi 
was crossing over some lines that just shouldn't be crossed.
	"Are you still a virgin?" Tiffany rasped.  "With a body like 
that...you're not going to get laid."
	"Maybe she's beautiful in her own way," Stacy suggested.
	"Ixnay on the omments-cay, Stacy!" Sandi snarled just under her 
breath.  Stacy took the hint and shut up.
	"Uh, guys," Quinn suggested, "let's change the subject."  The 
Fashion Club made their departure.
	"You got off lightly that time," Jane remarked.
	"That won't be the end of that, I'm afraid."
	"So what did your parents do to you after you got back?"
	"I'm banned from your house for a week, and I can't meet you 
at Pizza King after school for that week, either.  Furthermore, I can't 
go see Mystik Spiral this Saturday at the Zen."
	"Man, is that all?  I thought for sure she'd stretch you out 
on the rack!"
	_And once again, I've done something stupid for a guy._  Scenes 
from her interactions with Trent flashed before her eyes: him giving 
her and Jane a ride to that party at Brittany's; the time Jane left the 
two of them alone together after the Tank broke down on the way to 
Alternapalooza; going down to Dega Street with him, allegedly to get 
Jane a birthday present, and ending up getting her a ring in Daria's 
belly button.  "Jane, I love Trent, OK?  I guess part of me was pleased 
that I posed nude for that painting, even though my better half wants 
to kick me in the ass right now."
	"Would you do it again?"
	"And go through all this embarrassment again?  Hell, no!"
	Meanwhile, elsewhere in the halls, the Fashion Club's discussion 
had continued apace.  "So, anyway, guys," Quinn was saying, "I'm planning 
to ask Jamie to Chez Pierre tomorrow night.  I'll ask him the big 
question that I meant to ask Jeffy."
	"Quinn," Sandi smarmed, "this time, don't throw up!"
	"Yeah, right," Quinn laughed a weak, embarrassed laugh.
	"And, remember, if you're a real woman--"
	"*Ugh!*  I won't do it, Sandi!  You hear me?  I will *not* give
him a--"  She refrained from finishing the sentence, as Ms. DeFoe dashed 
past just then.
	"What...is with her?" Tiffany wondered.
	"Who knows?" Sandi shrugged.  "Who *cares*?  She is so weird!  
No wonder that Jane Lane likes her."
	Speaking of which, Ms. DeFoe had just caught up with the people 
she was looking for.  "Daria, Jane, I need to talk to you!"
	"Ran out of room at your studio apartment to house your ex-
college suitemates and looking for us to take in the overflow?" Daria 
guessed.  "You've come to the wrong people, sister."
	"It's worse than that!  The Lawndale Taxpayers' Association is 
picketing COMMA over Jane's painting!"
	"What the hell?"
	"Those right-wing bigots!" Jane smoldered.
	"After school's over," Ms. DeFoe planned, "I'm taking you there 
so you can see for yourselves.  Meet me at the faculty parking lot at 
three-fifteen!"  She dashed off again.
	"Why do I have the feeling," Daria sighed, "that if the Y2K Bug 
doesn't bring this country to its knees, idiotic groups like them will?"
	"You got *that* right," Jane observed.  "Computer glitches have 
nothing on militia groups and their `common law courts.'"
	"What d'you say?  Are you masochistic enough to go there?"
	"Aw, Hell, why not?  At least it'll give you an excuse to Helen 
as to why you were with me after school."
 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
At three-forty-five, members of the LTA were marching around COMMA, 
bearing placards which said, among other things:
	NO KIDDIE PORN WITH OUR TAX $!
	ABOLISH COMMA!  GET RID OF THE PORN!
	YOUR TAX DOLLARS WASTED AGAIN!
	One placard had a picture of Jane connected by an equals sign 
to the image of notorious photographer Robert Mapplethorpe.  Another 
had a picture of Thomas Jefferson on it.  (Rumors of a faint rumbling 
heard from a gravesite in Virginia were doubtless greatly exaggerated, 
or at least that's what the LTA would tell you.)
	The crowd was chanting "HEY, HEY, HO, HO, THE PORN AT COMMA HAS 
GOT TO GO!"  Brad Schlitz was there, along with his friend Ben Gray, who 
was wearing a button that said "VOTE FOR BEN GRAY FOR LAWNDALE COUNTY 
COMMISSIONER."
	"Vote for me at the county elections this year," Gray assured 
them, "and I'll shut this smut factory down!  `Carpe diem!'"
	Schlitz was surrounded by reporters from all three of Lawndale's 
TV stations, along with members of the written press, taking down his 
rantings as if they actually meant something.  "This is just another 
example of the arrogance the county government here displays towards 
`We the People'!  Remember, King George III of England and King Louis 
XVI of France were big patrons of the arts themselves, as well as being 
bloodthirsty tyrants."  Again, this reporter is willing to give him the 
benefit of the doubt and think it possible that the logical fallacy in 
that statement was as missed by Schlitz as it was by his target audience 
(well, actually, I'm not, but this is neither the time nor the place 
to get into it).  "We will continue to picket until that smut is removed."
	"Mr. Schlitz," said a reporter from KSBC, "maybe you're over-
reacting toward something that's totally innocent?  There are some who 
say `If we censor this, we might as well cut the penis off of Michel-
angelo's statue of David.'"
	"You're a commie bastard, you know that?" Schlitz replied by 
way of an intelligent rebuttal.  "You and all your leftist media buddies! 
You're trying to funnel my tax money to New York City!"
	"We're nowhere near New York City!"
	"It all winds up there one way or another!"
	At this point, Ms. DeFoe's car pulled up across the street, and 
she, Daria and Jane stepped out.  "Oh, my God," Daria breathed.
	"It's a *mob* out there!" Jane exclaimed.
	"Jane, I am so sorry about this!" Ms. DeFoe apologized.  "If 
I'd known your painting was going to spark this much controversy, I 
wouldn't have asked you to put it on display."
	"Well, it's kind of late now for that, isn't it?"
	"Let's handle these creeps," Daria gritted.  She and Jane and 
Ms. DeFoe approached the demonstration.
	Schlitz noticed.  "There's that slut and her friend now!  Hey, 
slut, are you and your friend lesbians?"
	_I get that all the time._  "No, Jane and I are not lesbians.  
And I don't like being called a slut!"
	"One of these days, we're gonna nail your ass to the wall!"
	"You and your Lawndale Militia buddies had two chances at that, 
and you blew both of them."
	"Don't cross with me, young lady, or I'll sue your ass in court, 
and not even your smartass lawyer mother can get you out of it!"
	Daria clenched her fists at her sides.  
	"Daria," Ms. DeFoe noticed, "don't start a fight with them!  
We don't want to make this any more complicated than it already is."
	"Just one hit below the belt.  That'll teach him."
	"I hate to take Ms. DeFoe's side on this," Jane intervened, "but 
you know she's right."
	"We'd better leave while we can," Ms. DeFoe suggested.  "Knowing 
them, they've filed a lawsuit against COMMA.  Let the courts decide on 
this."
	"I've had some bad experiences with judges in the past several 
months."  _Well, most of them specifically with the Right Dishonorable 
Cornelius J. Reinhardt, but still, it's not the sort of thing that tends 
to inspire confidence in American jurisprudence._
	"If Judge Feeder hears their case, you can be sure she'll toss 
it out due to lack of standing on their part."
	This was a new one on Jane.  "Who's Judge Feeder?"
	"Kathy Feeder was appointed to the City Court by the governor 
after Judge Harlon Smith died from a heart attack last year.  She used 
to be Oakwood Town Judge, and their militia movement's more powerful 
there.  She's got a reputation for taking no crap from those goons.  
She sent Oakwood Militia leader Reinhold Gornstein away for the maximum 
jail term of twenty years for forgery after he tried to use forged 
eviction papers issued by his `common law court' against an African-
American family that had moved into an all-white neighborhood there."
	"There's got to be some kind of mistake here," Daria boggled.  
"Good people like her don't exist in Lawndale."
	"C'mon, Daria," Jane piped up, "Ms. DeFoe's proof that there 
are."
	"Yeah, her and about seven other people."
	"Maybe Ms. DeFoe's right.  Let's see what happens."
	"Oh, hell. -- Don't think I'm turning tail on you, Schlitz!  
I'll be back!"  They went back to Ms. DeFoe's car and drove off.
	From a nearby alleyway, Stacy had seen it all.  _Man, Daria was 
so confident.  Why can't I be more like her?  Why does Sandi hate her 
so much?_  She gripped her stomach.  _Uh-oh!  Time to hit the toilet 
again._  She rushed off to the nearest ladies' room, to continue toward 
her own rendezvous with destiny.
 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
The next significant event in our story unfolded at Chez Pierre, at seven-
thirty on a Friday night.  Apart from the fact that it was Jamie White 
sitting in a tux across from Quinn her, it was unfolding like a replay 
of her failed date with Jeffy, right down to the same meals as before.
	"Quinn," Jamie said, "you look beautiful tonight."
	"Why, thanks, Jamie," Quinn blushed.
	"Uh, Quinn, you look like you have something to say."
	"Well, I--I--I--"
	"Take your time, Quinn.  It's OK."
	_If I blow this again, Sandi and the others will make me into 
a laughing stock!_  "Jamie, I've had a wonderful night and all that.  
Could we top it off with a trip to Lover's Lane?"
	"Sure.  Anything else?"
	"Could we also stop at the E-Z-Mart on the way there?  Uh, I've 
got to get a few things."
	Jamie got the hint.  He took Quinn's hand in his and squeezed 
gently.  "If you're feeling nervous about it, I can make you feel better 
by saying that it'll be my first time too."
	"Aw, how sweet!"  She motioned to a waiter.  "_Garcon, le
cheque!_"
	"No, I've got it!"
	"Mom let me borrow her platinum card today."
	"Man, all my folks have is Diner's Club."
	"How gauche!  But I forgive you."
	"Gee, thanks, Quinn!" he aw-shucksed.
	"No biggie!"  Inwardly, she was planning the shopping.  _Is he 
the ribbed type or the reservoir tip type?_
 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
The vandal entered COMMA (by breaking a window and climbing through it) 
about an hour later, after the museum had closed for the day.  The vandal 
was dressed in black and carried a black canvas bag.  The vandal went 
directly to "Naked Innocence," took out an industrial cutting knife from 
the bag, and proceeded to slash the canvas to ribbons, all the while 
thinking, _If only I could do this to the bitch herself._  The vandal 
then left with this cheery thought: _Patience...she'll get what's coming 
to her._
 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
About an hour after that, Jamie's (okay, Jamie's dad's) car was parked 
in Lover's Lane -- considerably back from the edge of the abandoned 
quarry so it wouldn't fall in.  He and Quinn were in the back seat now, 
lips locked, trying to suck each other's tonsils out.  Jamie unzipped 
Quinn's dress; it fell daintily into the footwell, where it was joined 
in short order by the rest of their clothes.  "And then," as that Carson 
McCullough guy put it in the book O'Neill had them reading, _The Heart 
is a Milkman_ or whatever, "this was the way.  This was how it was."
	The Earth really was moving, just like the books said it would
...no, wait, that was just the car.  It was shaking quite violently.  
Jamie noticed it, too.  "Thank goodness I parked away from the edge."
	"Just do me, Jamie!"  And he did.  "YES!  YES!  YES!"  Quoting 
McCullough again, "it was like her head was broke off from her body and 
thrown away."
	And then he disengaged, sat up, and put his hands on her
shoulders, moving her head into position.  She was so thrilled from the
afterglow of her recent defloration that she didn't really mind, though.
_Remember, Quinn, breathe through your nose._  So she did.  And he moaned
some more, and so did she in a muffled kind of way, until...
	_EWWWWW!  This stuff's gross!  I can't believe I swallowed it!_
 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
The phone rang, startling Jane out of a dream where Tommy Sherman's ghost 
was back, only haunting her this time instead of Daria, and she and Daria 
now had psychic powers, which was good because the Ghostbusters didn't 
seem to be around this time.  Oh yeah, and Brittany was a werewolf or 
something.  The details were already starting to fade.  With bleary eyes, 
Jane looked at her alarm clock (_Eight-thirty?  On a Saturday?  Is that 
legal?_) as she felt for the phone and finally picked it up.  "Yo!" she 
grogged.
	"Jane, it's Ms. DeFoe.  You and Daria better get down to COMMA 
right away!"
	"Not more protesters!"
	"It's worse than that.  Someone's slashed your painting to
shreds!"
	*That* shocking news brought her wide awake, and half an hour 
later, she, Daria and Ms. DeFoe were looking at the tattered remains 
of "Naked Innocence."
	"I can't believe this!  All that hard work on this painting, 
down the drain.  Now I don't have anything to give to Trent for his 
birthday again."
	"Jane," Ms. DeFoe apologized, "I am so sorry about this.  Maybe 
the Taxpayers' Association was right.  I should never have put this on 
display in the first place."
	"Ms. DeFoe, we must not accept defeat like this.  This is about
fighting for your right to free expression of your ideas here.  If you 
let them cow you like this, they'll win."
	"Daria's right, Ms. DeFoe.  We've got to make sure they don't 
get away with this."
	"So, what do we do?"
	"We wait for them to show up for their next protest," Daria 
replied.  "Then we'll treat them to a dose of their own medicine."
	Jane smirked approvingly (and, of course, evilly).
 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Fifteen minutes after that, at home, Stacy was watching News 12 Lawndale, 
the cable company's 24-hour all-news channel, on her living room TV.
	"The controversy surrounding a nude painting of a local teenage 
girl took a rather ugly turn overnight," said the anchorwoman.  "A person 
or persons unknown broke into the County Museum of Modern Art and slashed 
to shreds local artist Jane Lane's painting `Naked Innocence,' for which 
her friend Daria Morgendorffer had modeled.  The Lawndale Taxpayers' 
Association has been picketing COMMA for the past few days over the 
exhibition of the painting, and LTA leader Brad Schlitz has said that 
the protest will continue until a ruling on their lawsuit is given by 
Acting City Judge Kathy Feeder."
	_Who would do something like that?_ Stacy wondered.  _Sandi?  
I know she can't stand Daria, but this is going too far.  I've got to 
do something about this!_
	She knew Daria would have to be helped and Sandi stopped, and 
she knew what it would take to do it.  She just hadn't been able to bring 
herself to take that last dramatic step...until now.
	She went to the closet to get the things she'd need.
 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
At about the same time, in the upstairs bathroom of Morgendorffer Home 
Base, Quinn was kneeling at the toilet, throwing up.  _Man, I can't 
believe I have morning sickness!  I took all the precautions!  Jamie 
used a condom and I used a sponge!  Maybe I should use the *other* thing 
I picked up at the E-Z-Mart..._  From where she'd hidden it, all the 
way in the back of her medicine cabinet, she took out a home pregnancy 
test.
 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
COMMA, about 10:05 AM.  Another LTA protest.  Same song, second verse.  
Same signs, same chants, same Schlitz and Gray talking to the media; 
only their dialogue was different.
	"I have to admit," Schlitz was saying, "I am shocked -- and I 
mean shocked -- that this wanton act of vandalism occurred.  However, 
the artist and her model were asking for it.  Publicly funded art museums 
should not exhibit child pornography!"
	Daria now approached him, accompanied by Jane and Ms. DeFoe.  
"Mr. Schlitz, I want to have a word with you."
	"Can't you see I'm having a press conference right now?"
	"You ordered one of your henchmen to slash up Jane's painting, 
didn't you?"
	"I did not!  You have no proof!"
	"We have the same level of proof one of your kangaroo `common 
law courts' would accept."
	"You know," Jane piped up helpfully, "the ones you and your 
fascist buddies use to put the fear of You Almighty into anyone that 
doesn't fit your vision of an America run by, of and for angry white 
guys."
	That pissed Schlitz off.  "When my -- er -- our candidate wins 
the county board elections, we're gonna run you and your kooky family 
out of here one hundred percent legally!"
	"Go ahead and try!"
	"Commie bitch!"
	"Nazi bastard!"
	_Well,_ Daria reflected, _this is turning out to be interesting._
	From a nearby alleyway, Sandi watched and snickered to herself.  
"Man," she mused aloud, "I can't believe how those two are tearing into 
that Schlitz creep!"  She took out the industrial cutter she'd used to 
commit the destruction for which he was now taking the blame.  "And no 
one will ever suspect that I did it!"  She laughed to herself, unaware 
that Stacy, standing at a nearby corner and wearing a trenchcoat, had 
heard everything she said.
	"Mr. Schlitz," Ms. DeFoe was saying, "you have no right to 
intimidate someone from expressing his or her artistic visions!"
	"I can if it involves pornography on display at a museum funded 
by my tax dollars!"
	Daria had opinions as to what this was *really* about.  "You 
and your little `posse ignoramus' just want to get me because I stopped 
your attempts to turn this town into your own feudal fiefdom!"
	"Shut up, you femi-Nazi!"
	Daria tried to rush at him, but was kept back by Jane and Ms. 
DeFoe.  "Let me at him!  Let me at him!"
	"Daria," DeFoe insisted, "fighting is not going to solve
anything!"
	"You're even worse than those welfare-cheating minorities!"
	Daria gritted her teeth.
 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
At about that time, across town in the Morgendorffer bathroom, Quinn 
was holding up a pregnancy test stick and looking at a timer.  She'd 
been so nervous she'd had to wait until now to conduct the test.  _Just 
one more minute, and I'll know the truth.  If that window shows a minus 
sign, I'm not pregnant; if it shows a plus sign, I am, and Mom and Dad 
will kill me!_
	The timer dinged.  Quinn looked at the little window on the test 
stick.  It showed...a minus sign.  Quinn breathed a sigh of relief.
	A couple of minutes later, she was down in the living room 
watching News 12 Lawndale.  _Boy, am I glad I'm not pregnant!  Mom and 
Dad would have killed me!  But that still doesn't explain why I felt 
so sick._
	"This health warning was just issued by the local Board of 
Health," the reporter on the TV was saying.  "Chez Pierre will be closed 
today and tomorrow due to having received contaminated beef that was 
recalled by the FDA.  Anyone who had the Medaillons de Boeuf Bearnaise 
in the last several days should go to their doctor immediately and get 
an antidote.  Although the contaminated beef does not carry any fatal 
disease, victims may have an urge to vomit."
	Quinn, feeling just that urge, dashed off to the bathroom.
 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
It was now ten-thirty, and the shouting match at COMMA showed no signs 
of slowing down.
	"You know," Schlitz told Daria, "you've been nothing but trouble 
since you moved in here!  Maybe you should have stayed at Highland with 
those two troublemakers I kept hearing about, Bemis and Bung-Hole!"
	"They were called Beavis and Butt-Head," she corrected him; 
"besides, they're dead now!"  _One of the few times when Ms. Barch's 
attitude to men turned out to be the right reaction, given that they 
were trying to "score" with Quinn the way their hero Todd "scored" with 
me._
	"You know what I meant, you slut!"
	Daria really wanted to slug this guy so hard his grandchildren 
would be born with nosebleeds, but the expressions on Jane's and Ms. 
DeFoe's faces said they didn't think that'd be a good idea.  In fact, 
Jane articulated just that sentiment.  "Daria, we can argue with this 
jerk all day long; nothing's going to change his mind."  _Such as it 
is._
	Trent pulled up just then in his blue Plymouth.  He got out and 
approached the confrontation.  "Hey, Daria, Janey, Ms. DeFoe, what's 
going on?"
	"Uh, Trent," Jane told her brother, "we're in the middle of a 
big argument here."
	Daria explained, "We think this goon ordered one of his underlings 
to destroy the picture Jane was going to give you for your birthday."
	Trent knew about the painting, but this was the first time he'd 
heard why it got painted.  "You mean that painting was going to be your 
birthday gift to me, Janey?"
	Jane sighed heavily; the cat was now out of the bag.  "Yeah, 
it was going to be your birthday present.  Didn't you hear about that 
on the news, or read it in the papers?"
	He shrugged lazily.  "Been too busy rehearsing.  Or sleeping.  
Whatever. -- Daria," he said, addressing her directly now, "you didn't 
have to do that to impress me.  You don't even have to get that tattoo 
we talked about.  I love you just the way you are."  He kissed her on 
the forehead.  She felt herself blushing.
	"Kissing jailbait, eh, you horny bastard?"
	Trent turned around to see the salt-and-pepper-haired man in 
his fifties who'd voiced that comment.  "You talking to me?"
	"Yeah, I'm talking to you, you no-good bum!"
	_I may have to take this crap from Uncle Max, but I'm damned 
if I'll take it from you, whoever you are._  "I don't like you picking 
on my sister and my girlfriend like that."
	"What are you gonna do about it, take out your guitar and hit 
me over the head with it like El Kabong?"
	"You're not even worth fighting.  C'mon, Janey, Daria, Ms. DeFoe, 
let's leave this loser."  They proceeded to do just that.
	Schlitz, angry that he'd been dismissed so casually, let out 
a primal scream and slugged Trent on the back of his head.  Trent fell 
to the ground, but staggered back to his feet, temporarily dazed.  He 
faintly heard Schlitz saying something like "C'mon, fight like a man, 
you sissy!"
	With his own yell of anger, he broadsided Schlitz, and they both 
fell to the ground, exchanging punches.  Daria and Jane tried to pry 
Trent off of Schlitz, but to no avail.  
	Stacy, who'd been watching it all, decided it was now or never 
and ran to the scene of the fight.  "Stop it!" she shouted.  "Stop it!  
Why are you making such a big deal about all this?  Stop!  Stop!  STOP!"  
She undid the belt of her trenchcoat and let it fall.
	Remember when I said earlier that she was wearing that trench-
coat?  As it turned out, that was it.  Underneath it was what had been 
under Quinn's towel and Daria's robe -- not exactly an outfit up to 
Fashion Club standards, but as old as Eden and at least as new as the 
finale of Robert Altman's _Ready-to-Wear_.
	Apart from her shoes, barettes and other hair ornaments, Stacy 
Lorraine Rowe was naked as the proverbial jaybird.  (Okay, I give up 
-- maybe this *is* that kind of a story after all, but it's still good 
practice to use your imagination, at least until we can get Matthias 
Benkman to illustrate all these nude scenes.)
	Probably not everybody actually gasped at the exact same moment, 
but enough people did, and they overlapped enough, that it sounded like 
they all gasped at once.  The fight stopped.  With a look of shock on 
her face, Sandi emerged from the alleyway and ran up to Stacy.  "Stacy, 
what the hell are you doing?"
	"I'm trying to stick up for Daria, that's what!"
	"Daria is a nagging bitch!"
	"No, she's not, Sandi!"  In retrospect, it was probably the sheer 
ineffable surreality of being addressed by a naked fashion plate that 
kept everyone's attention on Stacy.  "Why are you arguing about all this? 
What is so wrong with nudity?  We were all born nude, weren't we?  
Painters have done nude pictures since time began.  All right, so maybe
Jane and Trent and Daria aren't the type of people who belong in the 
Fashion Club or the Taxpayers' Association, but what gives them the right 
to tell Jane she can't do a nude painting of Daria to give to Trent for 
his birthday?  When I saw Trent there comforting Daria after Sandi here 
spritzed her with the water hose at the community car wash fund-raiser," 
Sandi shot a hostile look in Stacy's direction, but Stacy went on, "I 
realized that Trent meant something special to Daria.  And when Mr. 
O'Neill accidentally plowed into them at the Seven Corners, when the 
rest of the Fashion Club were making insulting comments about them, I 
was the only one who cared enough to go over and see if they were OK."
	"You are in big danger of being kicked out of the Fashion Club, 
Rowe!"
	"SHUT UP, SANDI!" an enraged Stacy fairly screamed.  Sandi 
cowered; she'd never been yelled at by Stacy before in her life.  It 
was as if nudity liberated Stacy to say what was really on her mind.  
"Daria, Trent, I realize now that you must really love each other.  Don't 
let jerks like Brad Schlitz judge you like that!  They have no right 
to tell you what to do!  And they have no right to tell COMMA what works 
of art to display or not display.  That's censorship.  No free society 
should tolerate that in any form from anyone.  Besides, I know for a 
fact that it was Sandi Griffin here who slashed up your painting, Jane."  
Sandi looked a little green around the gills at that announcement, but 
Stacy went on.  "I heard her talking to herself about it when I arrived 
here."
	Sandi tried to run, but found her way blocked by two Lawndale 
Police officers.  "Sandi Griffin," said one of the officers as he slapped 
handcuffs on her, "you're under arrest for vandalism!"
	Struggling in the policeman's grip, Sandi screamed at Stacy at 
the top of her lungs.  "YOU'RE FINISHED AS A MEMBER OF THE FASHION CLUB, 
STACY ROWE!  YOU HEAR ME?  YOU'RE FINISHED!!!!!"
	The second officer went over to Stacy.  "You realize I'm going 
to have to arrest you for indecent exposure, miss."
	"I know," Stacy shrugged, her old meekness returning, "but it 
was good to get this off my chest."  She held out her hands, and the 
officer proceeded to cuff her, then escorted her away, past Daria and 
Jane.
	Daria had to know.  "Stacy, why?"
	"I owed you one."
	"Actually, I owed *you* one.  After all, you were there for me 
at that accident."
	"Perhaps.  But think about it why I said it the way I did."  
The cop led her away into the back of the car, throwing a coat over her.
	Sandi was brought past them on her way to the same destination.  
"I really hate you, Daria!  And you want to know why I destroyed Jane's 
little picture?"
	"OK, why?"
	"Because I hated all the media attention it was getting, that's 
why!  I didn't want to lose popularity to you, you bitch!"  She took 
the opportunity to spit on Daria before being hauled the rest of the 
way away.
	"Trent Lane, Brad Schlitz," said a third officer, "I'm placing 
the both of you under arrest for disturbing the peace."  He and a fourth 
officer handcuffed the two men.
	"Don't worry, Trent, we're going to get you out of this."
	"I know, Janey.  I know."  He and Schlitz were led off.
	"We'd better get Mom," Daria decided.
	"If she finds out you were here," Jane pointed, out, "she'll 
blow a gasket."
	"At this point, I don't give a damn."
 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
At about twelve noon, Daria, Jane and Ms. DeFoe were allowed to see Trent 
in his holding cell at the Lawndale Jail.  He was wearing his civilian 
clothes -- for the moment, anyway -- and standing next to the bars.
	"Trent, I've called Mom; she's going to be here to post bail for
you."
	"Thanks, Janey."
	"Trent, I called my own mother and told her what happened; she'll 
be down here in a while."
	"Thanks, Daria."
	"And thank *you* for sticking up for Jane and me."
	"I wasn't going to let that Schlitz guy bully you.  Where is 
the jerk, anyway?"
	"He was put in solitary after he tried to bite one of the 
officers," Jane explained.
	"Cool," Trent jesse'd.
	"Jane, I'm just going to see Stacy for a second.  See you later,
Trent."  Daria leaned her head against the bars and gently kissed Trent's 
forehead, then went down three cells down to where Stacy was ensconced, 
now wearing a light blue female prisoner's smock provided by the guards.  
"Stacy, it's me, Daria."
	"Hi, Daria."
	"Stacy, why did you *really* do what you did out there?"
	"Remember when Bret Strand dumped me as a date for the medieval 
fair and I was so heartbroken and I sat next to you and Jane in the 
Ferris wheel?"
	"It was the five most agonizing moments of Hell in my life."  
Daria smiled a Mona Lisa smile to let Stacy know she was just kidding.
	"You and Jane were the only ones who were willing to listen to 
me.  I never forgot that.  Then you and Trent were in that auto accident, 
and I got help for you.  I saw a different side of you than what Sandi, 
Quinn and Tiffany were portraying you as.  Daria, I know you're cynical 
and all that, but I also know you've got that soft spot for Trent there 
in your heart.  When I saw you, it looked like you cried a bit."
	"I was at the verge of tears, but then I buried my face into 
Trent's chest."
	"Don't try to fool me, Daria; when we were riding the ambulance 
to the hospital, I saw a tear or two fall down that stony face of yours.  
You know, I wish I had real feelings for a guy like you do."
	"You do?"  *That* came as a surprise.
	"It seems with the Fashion Club, you just use up a lot of guys.  
You date them and then you forget them.  Why can't I just have a stable 
relationship?"
	"This is all so sudden."
	"I've been a bit different from the other members of the Fashion 
Club all the time.  It just really tears me up inside when I see Quinn 
and Sandi fighting like they do, and Sandi acts like a bitch to Quinn, 
and Tiffany backs Sandi up no matter what.  I just want to be liked by 
everyone, not hold people in contempt.  Daria, I know you're cynical 
and smart and unfashionable and all that, but, for what it's worth," 
Stacy was obviously on the verge of tears, "I wouldn't mind calling you 
a friend."
	"You know what, Stacy?  That's the nicest thing any one of you 
guys on the Fashion Club's ever said to me."
	"Thank you, Daria."  The floodgates opened and Stacy Rowe burst 
into tears.
	Daria put her hand through the bars to take Stacy's.  "Stacy, 
it's OK.  I guess if you can see me cry, I guess I can see you cry as 
well.  And this time I won't threaten you with justifiable homicide."
	"Thanks."  Stacy began to dry her eyes.
	Helen Barksdale Morgendorffer entered the holding area.  "Daria, 
I've made the bail arrangements.  Everyone except that Schlitz bastard's
free to go."
	"Thanks, Mom.  I think."
	"And I have been thinking.  I guess your father and I did go 
overboard when we reacted to Jane's painting, and I apologize on behalf 
of both of us.  But *please* let us know if you're going to do anything 
like this again."
	"Sure."  _When Hell freezes over._
	"So, now comes the trial."
	"Unfortunately.  I guess I've been subpoenaed as a witness?"
	"Yes, you have."  Helen then hand-delivered the subpoena.
	"It figures."
 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
At nine Monday morning, the main courtroom of the Lawndale Municipal 
Courthouse was packed.  Daria, Jane, Trent, Helen and Amanda were at 
one table, while Schlitz and his attorney sat at another, and District 
Attorney Betty Foy was stationed at the prosecutor's table.
	"I hope that dumb Judge Reinhardt isn't hearing this one."
	"If he is," Helen chided her daughter, "you will *not* express 
your displeasure at him!"
	"I hope that Reinhardt guy's hearing this case," Schlitz gloated. 
"From what I hear, he's open to bribery."
	"Just leave it to me," Schlitz's attorney assured him.
	"All rise!" an elderly bailiff in a beige uniform called out.  
"Lawndale City Court is now in session!  The Honorable Katherine T. 
Feeder presiding!"
	The Honorable Katherine T. Feeder made her way to the bench and 
seated herself.  Judge Feeder had sandy hair, done up on the top of her 
head, and fairly classical features.  She looked rather like a young 
Katharine Hepburn, or like Kate Mulgrew, the Hepburn-esque actress who 
plays Captain Janeway on _Star Trek: Voyager_.
	"Aw, man," Schlitz muttered, "not her again!"
	"Good to see you too, Mr. Schlitz!" said the Judge.  She even 
*sounded* like Kate Mulgrew, with the same Hepburn-esque voice.  Daria 
felt her mouth quirking up in another of her smiles.
 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
"Let's face it," Judge Feeder was summing up several hours later, "this 
is the most ridiculous case I've ever heard.  A group of people who 
object even to firemen rescuing cats from trees yelling about a work 
of art at the local museum.  I had the opportunity to see that painting 
the day before it was destroyed.  It was a beautiful work of art, and 
I don't see any reason why it should have been removed.  Mr. Schlitz 
and his organization had no right to bully the defendant's sister and
girlfriend in order to draw them into a fight.  The defendant's actions
were justified in my opinion, and Mr. Schlitz got what he deserved.  
Case dismissed!"  She banged her gavel on the podium before her.  "And, 
Mr. Schlitz, you'll be happy to hear that, unless your attorney really 
impresses me this time, I also intend to toss out your lawsuit against 
COMMA."
	"Why, that no good bitch!" Schlitz snarled.  "I hate her!"  He 
left with his lawyer, shooting a hostile glance at the Morgendorffers 
and Lanes.  Jane gave Trent a sisterly hug.
	"Thanks, Mom," Daria had to say.
	"Oh, it was nothing."
	"This court is in recess until six-thirty PM," Judge Feeder 
decreed, "at which time we'll hear `People v. Rowe,' `People v. Griffin' 
and `Lawndale Taxpayers' Association v. County Museum of Modern Art.'"  
She banged her gavel again to underscore the point.  As the courtroom 
cleared, Feeder got down off her bench and approached Daria and Jane.  
"Ms. Morgendorffer, Ms. Lane, I admire your courage.  Don't give up on 
the fight for what you believe in."
	"Thanks, Your Honor."
	"You know, Ms. Morgendorffer, I was a lot like you when I was 
growing up."  She extracted a locket from under her robes, opening it 
to reveal the picture within.  The hair color and style were different, 
as was the shape of the face; the jacket was blue, the T-shirt was purple
and the skirt was brown.  Apart from those purely cosmetic details, the
young Kathy Feeder could have been the older sister Daria (as far as 
she knew) had never had.  "And I never gave that up."  Looking at the 
floor now, Daria saw the toes of a pair of Doc Martens peeping from under 
the judge's robe.  "You have to be like that," Her Honor continued, "to 
handle creeps like Brad Schlitz.  I promise you that Mr. Schlitz and 
his LTA friends will be dealt with severely on my watch."
	"That's a relief.  So what's going to happen to Sandi and Stacy?"
	"Both have struck plea bargains.  Ms. Griffin will most likely 
serve 100 hours of community service while Ms. Rowe will probably have 
to pay a $50 fine."
	"And they say the system doesn't work," Jane smirked, not evilly 
this time, only mischievously.
	"You can say that again," Daria allowed as.
	"Well," Judge Feeder observed, "I'd better retire to chambers, 
but I have a feeling we'll meet again."
	"I'm looking forward to it, Your Honor."
 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
At six that night, in the Lanes' living room, Trent's birthday party 
was in full swing.  Daria, Jane, Trent and Amanda were sitting around 
the table.  "Too bad your father couldn't make it," Daria shrugged.
	"Well, he wanted to get those rare tiki masks in Tahiti, so he 
went off in a hurry."
	"In the absence of the painting," Jane yielded up a wrapped box, 
"here's *my* gift to you, Trent."
	Trent opened it.  "Cool.  Guitar strings.  Thanks, Janey."
	Daria handed over her own gift.  "And this is from me."
	He opened that as well.  It was a gold chain with the charmed 
name "Trent" suspended from it.  "Daria, this is beautiful."
	"I had to dip heavily into the Montana Cabin Fund to get it."
	"Thanks.  I really like it."  He kissed her on the cheek, and 
she blushed.
	"Of course," Jane grinned wickedly, "I could always persuade 
Daria to pose nude again. . ."
	"Don't even think about it, Rembrandt!"
	Jane smirked -- evilly, of course.
 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
At ten-thirty the next morning, the Fashion Club were seated at their 
usual table in Lawndale High Cafeteria.  Stacy Rowe, however, was far 
away from the others.
	"So I did it with Jamie!" Quinn gushed.  "Aren't you guys happy 
for me?"
	"Well, duh, Quinn!" Sandi gloated.  "I did it with Skyler!"
	Quinn frowned.  Was she missing something?
	"So, Sandi," Tiffany rasped, "why is Stacy sitting so far away?"
	"Stacy committed conduct unbecoming a member of this club!  She 
exposed herself at COMMA and ratted me out on Saturday!  Stacy's 
membership is suspended pending a hearing on her fitness as a member 
of this club!"
	Stacy slunk away.  She really didn't want to hear this.
	In the hall, Daria and Jane saw her approaching.  "Hey," Jane 
wondered aloud, "what's Stacy doing without the rest of the Airhead Club?"
	Daria, on the other hand, realized at once the personal hell 
Stacy was going through.  "Shut up, Lane."  Jane shot a quizzical look 
at her friend, but Daria ignored it as she turned to Stacy.  "Are you 
OK?"
	"My membership's been suspended," Stacy replied, "and I might 
be kicked out of the Fashion Club altogether.  But it was worth it, and 
I have you to thank, Daria."
	"For what it's worth, you could hang with us."
	"Could I?  Really?"
	"We just have one rule," Jane informed her.
	"Which is?"
	"No crying."
	"OK."  She joined them on their travels down the hallway.  Mr.
O'Neill passed by and looked at the situation with surprise.  _Funny,
I don't remember Stacy hanging out with Daria and Jane.  Maybe I'm
getting forgetful about these things._

--------------------------------------------------------------------------

At six-thirty that night, it was Fried Chicken Tuesday at Morgendorffer
Home Base.  "You know," Helen was saying, "I'm glad everything worked
out for the best."
	"At least no one will have to see me in the altogether again."
	Helen scowled.
	"So, Quinn, honey," the backup singer came in with a well-timed
distraction, "how was your date with Jamal Friday night?"
	"That's Jamie, Dad.  It was great!  We were at Lover's Lane
afterwards."
	"That reminds me, Quinn, I meant to ask you..."  Helen took out
the remnants of Quinn's pregnancy test from her pocket.  "Would you mind
telling me what this is about?"
	The most reliable source of joy in Daria's life had always been
Schadenfreude -- delight in another's misfortune.  And seeing Quinn's
face in full collapse was good for a hit of Schadenfreude any day.  "If
you beg for mercy, I'm pretty sure you can get off with twenty years."

--------------------------------------------------------------------------

After dinner, Daria was lying on her bed, staring at a fascinating crack
in the ceiling, when her phone rang.  "Hello?"
	"So, how's everything over there?" Jane asked.
	"Back to `normal.'  Quinn got busted for having sex with Jamie.  
She's grounded for a month."
	"So, the little slut did it!"
	"Speaking of sluts, I'm really beginning to get concerned about 
Sandi.  One of these days, she's going to blow her stack, and I get the 
feeling I'll be her target."
	"So shine up that AK-47 of yours."
	"I'm afraid I'll need a stealth bomber to handle her."
	"By the way, I can still do another nude painting of you to give 
to Trent."
	"No thanks; I don't want to go through all the grief again."
	"Just thought I'd ask.  See you at school tomorrow.  Bye."
	"Bye."  She hung up.
 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
The next morning, she stepped out of the shower and reached for a towel.  
Quickly, before anyone could see, she wrapped herself up in it and took 
a look at the mirror.
	_Heeeey!_ Jane's remembered voice said in her head.  _Nice bod!_
	She undid the towel and looked at herself full on in the raw
for the first time since...since what Todd did, really.  And, for the 
first time in all those years, she liked what she saw.  _You know what, 
Daria?  Maybe Jane's right.  Maybe you're not so bad-looking after all._  
	And she smiled -- a Mona Lisa smile, of course.
 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
ADAPTOR'S NOTES
	As you may have noticed, I've taken the liberty of tightening 
up Guerin's dialogue and smoothing out some of his choppier transitions.  
I only hope he wasn't just saying he approved.
	A note on names: Peter used Danny Bronstein's speculations "Woo" 
and "Nibblet" for Tiffany's and Stacy's surnames, respectively, in the 
original version of this fic, but when he switched to the MTV-approved 
surnames beginning with "This is Spinal Crap," he announced his intention 
to go back, at his convenience, and revise those usages.  This is just 
my sneaky way of beating him to the punch.  I originally used Guerin's
coinage "Darren" instead of the semi-canonical "Vincent" for Mr. Lane's
forename, but changed that when he started using "Vincent" beginning with
"A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Cynic."  I followed his (and most 
other fanficters') example in using Bronstein's conjectural "Hecuba" 
(instead of my own preferred "Thorne") for Andrea's surname, because 
MTV haven't established anything official one way or another on that
front.
	Just in case any of you felt the need to point it out, I *know* 
Quinn got Carson McCullers' name (and the name of her book _The Heart 
is a Lonely Hunter_) wrong, and moreover, I know that McCullers wasn't 
a guy.  It was deliberate, underscoring Quinn's usual (at this point 
in her career) disdain for intellectual pursuits.  The quotes, however, 
are accurate.  (_The Heart is a Milkman_ is, "of course," a reference 
to the book of that name by Balph [sic] Eubank in Ayn Rand's endless 
and terrifying novel _Atlas Shrugged_.)
	C.E. Forman spells the bribable judge's surname "Reinhardt" in 
"To Helen Back."  Guerin, in the original version of this fic, spelled 
it "Reinhart" without a D (kind of like Thomson without a P, I guess).  
I figured, since he's Forman's character, I'd go with C.E.'s spelling.
	Jane's Tommy Sherman dream is based on Jay Osako's "Sick, Sad 
World of Darkness" series, with an allusion (of course) to the earlier 
OAV "The Prepaid Phone Card Call of Tommy Sherman."  Betty Foy is lifted 
from Michelle Klein-Haess' "Clothes Make the Manson."
	Matthias Benkman is a German artist who has some nude studies 
of Daria and Trent on his webpage at
<http://www.informatik.uni-muenchen.de/~benkmann/artwork/index.html>.  
They're very tasteful and artistic and I recommend them.
 
Austin, and good day.
