NOTES
by Beth

The lights were off, Brittany and Kevin were making out, and 
the entire english class was watching "West Side Story" . 
Mr. O'Neil was near tears.  And nothing tragic had even 
HAPPENED yet.  Daria and Jane wrote each other notes to 
pass the time.

Hey Daria- what do you think of this!

    Daria, my brother's in love with Daria
    And suddenly his brain
    Will never be the same
    'Cause half his thoughts are focused on Daria
    It has caused his room to stop decaying
    When she reads this I'd better start praying
    Daria     Dariiiaaaaaaa.

It's true! he actually cleaned his room in case you ever see it.   
(And it *was* decaying in there.)  Now we can all breathe again.     
Anyway, Trent says that you "make him seriously happy" just by existing.
                        - Jane


     Jane, when I get through with you, there will be nothing left of you
but a dark stain on the carpet.
                                                    - Daria

Temper, temper!  If you kill me, you might get blood on your jacket, and
you'd look less than your best for TRENT!!   Besides, do you think he'd be
pleased if you murdered his favorite sister?
                                             - Jane

I'm warning you, dammit.
                                        - Daria

I'm serious- He's lost *sleep* over you.
                                               - Jane
P.S.  You're starting to turn a bit red.  Is it from the thought of Trentor
anger or the rash, back with a vengance?
                                                         -Jane
Don't toy with me.
                - Daria

I'm going to get Trent to sing the Daria song at his gig tonight,
substituting "my" for "his" , etc.
                                                          Jane Lane, Daria's
pain.

I told you to stop.   Payback's a bitch- here it goes.  Trent told me that
you have had a crush on Jesse since you were nine.
                                                                   -Daria

STOP CHANGING THE SUBJECT!!   We were talking about you and Trent.  You guys
keep *hedging* when I mention the other one.
 Out with it.   You're crazy about him.
                                                                 -Jane

P.S.  Don't listen to anything my brother says! He lies like a rug- lie lie
lie lie lie lie LIE!!



He also said that when you were about four, you liked to sing along with
sesame street.
                                                                            
    - Daria

I DID NOT!    Well, you know what he said about you?  "XXXXOOXXOXOXX" THAT'S
what!   Trent's the one who sang along-  he made up funny lyrics to make me
laugh.
                                                                            
 -Jane

He still does.
                      -Daria

Well, yeah  but not on purpose.
                                                -Jane

True.  And he also said you once ate a dog biscuit.
                                                                            
        -Daria
 LIE!    *He* once ate a lighting bug.

                                                                          -J
ane

What did it do?  How old was he?         -Daria

I'll tell him you were concerned.  He was five or six, and Penny told me
about it.  He was very dissapointed when it didn't make his tongue glow in
the dark.
                                                             -Jane

I can imagine. But I think your'e lying, though.  If Tren'ts such a liar,
maybe it runs in la famille, Jane LANE
                                                                    - Daria

Hey! One day you're going to *be* a Lane, and you're going to spawn a lot
more.  Twins run in the family. You'll make a nice sister-in-law.  Can I be
your maid of honor?
                         -Jane

You can be the dog, as long as you're convinced we're playing house.  I have
no interest in being married.
                                                               - Daria


So you're going to shack up?   -Jane

Are you going to *shut* up?      -Daria

Oh, relax.  Watch the movie.  It's a classic- and much, *much* better than
when Mr. O'Neil played that tape of Sonny and Cher singing "I've got you
babe" as a reward for not screaming.
                                                       -Jane

Don't remind me.
                      -Daria

Okay, I'm going to stop writing and watch the fight scenes- I heard the
choreographer watched cockfights to get it right.

                                                                     Later,
Jane

