One Night
A Daria Fanfic
By WWMyra

This is just a short fanfic that was rattling around in my head one night.
Daria and all other characters are not mine they are the property of MTV and
are being used without permission solely for entertainment purposses. Please
don't sue me I have no money.

Scene One: Casa Lane, Jane's Room

Daria and Jane are sitting on the floor playing poker with a deck of Tarot
cards.

Jane: So do think Steven Wright's joke will come true. (lays down her hand)

Daria: I don't know do we get to pick the four people?*

(* this refers to a joke Steven Wright told "One night I played poker with
Tarot cards, I got a full house and four people died")

Trent walks in: Janey , Hey Daria.

Daria: hey

Jane: What's up oh narcoleptic one?

Trent: Mystik Spiral is having a party at Max's tonight, you guys wanna come?

Jane: Sure, you gonna drive us?

Trent: Yeah. Cool I'm leaving for Max's around eight. Is that cool with you
Daria?

Daria: uh sure. 

Trent starts to walk out: Oh Janey I need......

Jane: Yeah, yeah gas money I know. God Trent get a job like everybody else.

Trent grins: Why? You give me gas money when I'm broke.

Jane throwing a pillow at him:Get out before I change my mind and close the
bank of Jane.

Trent leaves chuckling.

Scene Two: Max's
Daria and Jane are standing by the refreshment table watching Mystik Spiral
sing Ice Box Woman for the thousandth time.

Daria: You know if they play this damned song one more time I'm going to be
able to get up there and play it.

Jane: And you don't even play the guitar. If you call that playing.

The song ends and Trent and Jesse head over to the girls.

Trent: Hey Daria having fun?

Daria: Yeah there are some interesting drunks here. ::looking around the
room::

Trent laughs/coughs:Good one Daria.

Jane looks at Jesse: You Tarzan, me Jane. Let's dance. :::dragging Jesse onto
the dance floor::

Daria:She Jane, me nauseous.

Trent laughs: Janey's not exactly shy is she?

Daria: She not what you'd call a wall flower no.

Trent picks up two big cups of punch and hands one to Daria.

Trent: Here.

Daria looks at it and takes a sip it just tastes like fruit punch so she
shrugs and starts drinking it.

Scene Three: Location unkown

A close up shot of Daria's face. She's asleep her hair is all over the place.
Her eyes slowly open as a hand comes up the her forehead.

Daria thinking: God I feel like hell. Man what was in that punch Trent gave
me.

Daria suddenly sits up straight, immedeatly regretting moving so fast her face
contorts in pain as she holds her head like it might fall off if she lets go.
Slowly her face relaxes and her hands fall to her sides.

Daria thinking: Oh my god, I remember now. Dancing with Trent, drinking with
Trent, kissing Trent. ::gulp:: Oh god I didn't, please tell me I didn't.

She turns her head and looks at the bed beside her. Daria's face gets an
expression of horrorified shock.

The camera pulls back to show her sitting up in Trent's bed wearing his green
shirt, with a bare chested Trent sleeping serenely beside her.

Daria climbs out of bed and starts a frantic search around the room. She now
has her glasses on.

Daria:Damn it what did he do with my clothes eat them?! Fine I'll wear
something of his.

Daria goes to his dresser and pulls out a clean pair of star wars boxers and
puts them on.

She goes to the door and quietly opens it slipping out into the hallway.

Scene Four: Jane's room

Jane is sitting on her bed still in her pajamas watching Saturday morning
cartoons. A very upset Daria walks in the quickly closes the door behind her
like she's being followed by Hades himself.

Jane looks up in surprise: Daria?! What are you doing here? ::taking in Trents
rumpled t-shirt and boxers:: and in Trents clothes?!

Daria wringing her hands: You wanna know why I'm wearing Trent's clothes?!
Because I just woke up in Trent's bed!

Daria pacing around the room distractedly.

Jane stares at her in shock: You mean you and Trent had, had ......SEX?!

Daria: No we baked cookies all night, yes damn it! I got totally dillusional
and had sex with the  guy of my dreams and I don't even know if he's going to
remember!

Daria flops down on the floor head hanging down.

Daria quietly: This is not the way I envisioned my first time. An alchohol
induced episode.

Jane: Did you at least enjoy it?

Daria suddenly blushes as a wave of memories from the night before wash over
her.

Daria giving her Mona Lisa smile: Yeah, I did.

Jane: See there's an upside, at least it was good sex. If not entirely smart
sex.

Daria: God Jane what am I going to do?

Jane: If he doesn't remember.... or if he does.

Daria: Both

Scene Five: Trent's room
The door slowly opens and Daria peeks in to see a still sleeping Trent. She
walks in and closes the door behind her. Daria sits on the bed next to him
with a sigh and watches him sleep. After a minute Trent's eyes open and he
looks up at her.

Trent sounding sleepy and confused: Daria?

Daria: Yeah Trent it's me.

Trent still sleepy: Cool.

Daria: Trent I know your not entirely awake yet but.... do you remeber last
night? Do you remember us last night?

Trent looks at her confused for a second then his eyes get really wide as he
remembers exactly what they did the night before. Trent slowly sits up as his
expression slowly turns from surprised to wariness.

Daria: Yup you remember. I don't know if that's a good thing or a bad thing.

Trent quietly: I don't know what to say.

Daria: Join the club. I've never done this before. :: softly:: What do we do
now? Cause I..I don't think I can ignore this.

Trent looks at her seeing for the first time raw vunerability in Daria's face.
He slowly reaches out and envelopes her in his arms, giving her time to pull
away. But Daria surprises them both by melting into his embrace.

Trent sighs: I'm sorry Daria, I never meant to take advantage of you like
that.

Daria: I was there too Trent it's just as much my fault as it is yours.

Trent seriously: No it isn't. You were a virgin, I wasn't.  Plus if you
remember I started it, not you.

Daria: I didn't stop you Trent.

Trent: You were drunk, you didn't know what you were doing.

Daria blushes: Yes I did. ::takes a deep breath:: I wasn't drunk Trent, the
only thing I was high on was sugar. I took advantage of you. I knew exactly
what I was doing last night. I knew you were drunk and I didn't care. I just
wanted to be yours, even if it was for just one night. Please don't hate me I
didn't set out to manipulate you like that.

Trent slowly pulls away: You weren't drunk either?

Daria: No I........ either? Wait a second you mean we both decided to take
advantage of each other and do what we really wanted. You mean last night when
you said you loved me, you were completely sober?

Trent starting to grin: Yeah. ::slight pause:: Is it just me or are you
starting to regret this less and less?

Daria stares at him for a long moment: Did we just go about this completely
ass backwards and end up a couple anyway?

Trent chuckles: Yeah I think we did.......sooo are you still sorry you slept
with me last night?

Daria seriously: I'm sorry for the way it happened, but not that it happened.
Let's make next time a much better memory okay?

Trent grins lecherously: Next time?

Daria smiling back at him: Yeah next time.
