story name:please
summary: jane tries to recreate a really stupid incident that happened at 
the Zen


ACT ONE

  It had been one of those really long weekends that never seem to end.  And 
even though that was a dream of most high school kids everywhere, there were 
a few people who were eager to get back to the daily grind of learning.

< scene one opens  up early in the morning, with "I think Im paranoid by 
Garbage>

  (Daria is speeding down Howard Ave past the Lane home. She had been 
avoiding Jane since the "incident" on Friday night. But no matter what Daria 
tried, Jane seemed to be around ever little corner)

<A door is heard opening then Jane is heard yelling out of it>

Jane "Daria?? DARIA??"

(Daria realizes she has been seen but decides to play it off, she continues
walking down the street at a fairly quick pace. A few moments pass and Jane 
gives up on call her, she throws on her backpack and jogs after her.)

Jane: "HEY DARIA?" <She continues calling her right until she is next to 
her> DARia????? DARIA ?

<Daria winces and turns to Jane>

Daria < annoyed>: What?

Jane (catching her breath) :  I've been calling all weekend. And you have 
succeeded in avoiding me, mind explaining why?

Daria: "Actually I d rather not get into it, besides I ve been busying. 
Sorry I didn't get to tell you myself. I thought my dad did…<Wonders to 
herself why she would entrust her dad to such a task>

Jane: Yeah well he did (chuckles a bit) and the National Water Reserve 
called, you have also succeeded in causing a draught in this part of the 
Eastern  seaboard. Now what was really going on?

Daria: Nothing, well o.k. I guess I felt embarrassed over Friday night 
that's all.

>Daria has a little flashback<

(Mystik Spiral is on stage playing a new song, As Jane leaves Daria's side 
to go get a soda Daria begins to act oddly. A few minutes pass and Trent 
gives Daria a little wave in between a guitar break and a bass pick up. Jane 
returns and sees something strange happening to Daria, she has no time to 
react so she spins her around and see's exactly what had happened.  Just 
then Daria turns beet red and runs out of McGrundy's, accidently flinging 
her Dr. Pepper on Jane.)

<End of flashback>

(They are nearing school)


Daria ( kind of distressed): "I cant believe it happened…Right there in 
front of everyone…"

Jane (trying her damnedest to be supportive but can't help laughing) "It 
really wasn't that bad…(small laugh) Not many people saw (slightly louder) 
And I d like to see it happen again..(Really loud) And don't worry, the soda 
came right out of my shirt!!

(They head up to their lockers and Daria is looking more upset then 
anything)

Daria: I can't believe you thought that was funny! And now you want to put 
me through the torment of doing it again?

(Jane nods)

Daria: "I don't think so sister"

Jane: Oh cmon (sobers up from her laughing fit) please? I need it fresh on 
my mind, I thought I might do a painting…

(Daria just looks at her and shakes her head)

Daria (firmly): "No and don't bother bringing it up again!"

Jane: Fine fine, just kill the creative concept why don't you?

Daria: Gladly. Just let me get my mallet out…

< Scene two opens with Freak of the Week by Marvelous Three (or something 
like that) >

( Daria and Jane are in third period English, theres about 5 minutes to go)

Mr O neill: "And finally I d like to take the remaining time today to 
reflect on what we have learned from The Great Gatsby.

(He stands near his desk and waits for the hands to go up…unfortunately none 
do. He sighs and called on someone randomly)

Mr O: " Um Jane???"
(Jane looks up from a doodle) Huh?

Mr O: "Your thoughts on our final moments together with Gatsby?"

Jane: um (she fidgets a bit) I feel that devoting your life to filling up a 
hole that wasting really there is pretty pointless. (She looks at Daria) 
Unless of course this hole is easily filled then I say go for it no matter 
how stupid you look in others eyes.

( Mr O looks a bit confused and Daria raises her hand. He nods and she 
begins)

Daria: I guess that it depends on what kind of hole it is. If it's the type 
of hole that can be filled materialistically then go for it but if this hole 
is the type that needs to be acknowledged subtly then I think people should 
(she looks at Jane) Back off and leave well enough alone!

Mr O: I see where you are both coming from but what exactly does this have 
to do with-(the bell rings and the class room is exited)

(Outside on their way to gym)

Jane: What the hell was that in there?

Daria: I told you earlier to leave me alone about that but you couldn't.

Jane (gets that oh look) fine alright you did but…(beat) Can t I see just 
once?

(Daria gets really frustrated and storms off)

(30 mins have passed and everyone is playing volleyball. Daria and Jane are 
on opposite sides of the net)

Jane: "Please???"

<Smack>

Daria: "No"

<ball drops>

Jane: "Why not?"

Daria: "I don't have to explain myself lane!"

<Janes team rotates and then serves the ball>

Jane (disappointed) : "fine, I ll remember that"

Daria: "I bet you will"

<Scene change, its sixth period and there are about fifteen minutes left in 
the school day, the girls are in Art class>

( ane is painting a picture which depicts what happened on Friday night, 
Daria comes over and begins to apologize when she sees the picture)

Daria: "Hey Jane? I wanted to say- Hey what the hell is that?" (She points 
to the canvas?)

Jane: (smitten with herself) "wouldn't you like to know?" (Daria glares) 
"What? I had to take matters into my own hands…figuratively speaking and 
reconstruct the scene from memory." (She steps back and gives Daria room to 
move up) "So what do you think?"

(Daria says nothing as she walks away shaking her head)

Jane (She starts off loud): "Hey what were you going to say before you saw 
(Becomes quiet) the painting…This doth seem all to familiar to mine keen 
perception"

(This scene ends with a fade out of Jane finishing up her painting)

ACT TWO:

<Scene opens with Bungle in the Jungle by Jethro Tull…(What can I say, my 
music tastes really vary!<=)

(Jane is painting furiously away. We can't see what it is she s painting but 
she s laughing away.)



<Scene one opens with Ziplock By Lit>

(We are standing outside of the Morgendoffer
home. There are no lights on except for a porch light. There we can see Jane 
knocking on the door)

Jane (yelling again): " Hey Daria I know you re in there! I just saw the 
living room light go out." (She begins banging on the door) "Oh Cmon open 
the door!!"

  (The door slowly opens and we see one eye peer out through the darkness)

Daria (deadpan): "What do you want?"

Jane: "I came to show you something" (she takes out a big parcel) "Here, it 
s for you"

(She slides it through the door to Daria, It slams shut and a few moments 
pass.  Suddenly all the lights go on and Daria steps outside, doing it.)

Jane: "I just knew you d like it. See, and it doesn't hurt a bit now does 
it?"


Daria: <annoyed so she stops doing it.>: "Well the ring around your neck was 
an added bonus."

Jane: "Cmon Daria, was it really that bad? After all, it was bound to happen 
sooner or later"

Daria: Yeah I gu-

(A car horn honks and Trent yells out)

Trent: "JANEY, DOES SHE WANTS TO COME OR NOT? I THINK THE SET STARTS SOON 
<he pauses and thinks> OR MAYBE IT ALREADY DID. WE HAVE TO GET GOING."

Jane< trying to hold back her laughter> : So um, did you wanna go to the 
Zen?

(Daria s eyes widen and she nods)

(Fade to the Zen, Ms is playing on stage. Daria and Jane are standing 
towards the back when it history decides to repeat itself)

Jane: "I m going to get a soda, want anything?"

Daria: "No, I m fine."

(Jane pretends to walk away and gives the signal to Trent. He proceeds to 
smile slyly to Daria, wink then wave. She returns the wave with an 
involuntary grin.)

SNAPSNAPSNAP

(Jane has taken a few pictures of Daria grinning like a fool from afar.)

(Fade to dropping Daria off at home)

Daria: "Well, I ll see you guys later." (she begins to take off for the 
door.)

Trent: "Hey daria?"

(She stops and turns around)

Daria: "Yea?"

Trent: "Thanks for coming tonight."

Daria (trying to hold back a smile as she thinks..' I ve been doing this way 
to much lately'): Sure thing trent…

(she runs into her house)

(Scene change. Jane is  laying out some polaroids for Trent)

Trent: "Who knew?"

Jane: "See, I told you she was capable of smiling.. five bucks up front."

(Trent hands her the money but slides the pictures into her pocket.)

(the end)

(authors note: I wasn't promising anything, I found this story just laying 
around on my hard drive and decided to finish it. I know its lame  but I 
hope it made you smile hehe…sorry…bad joke..i know)
