Put your best chain forward
by chrystin angel

Synopsis: Jane and Tom realize that Trent and Daria like each other and they
chain them together for a total of one week and four days.

Place: In front of The Morgendorffers

Daria: Well Jane, what are you doing this weekend?

Jane: I'm hanging with Tom and inviting you over.

Daria: Thanks for the, um, invite, I guess.

Jane: Your welcome, oh and, just to let you know, Trent is looking forward to
seeing you.

Daria: Really? Oh, um, I mean, not like I care!

Jane: Oh please Daria, don't deny it, I know you like Trent, so just get over
it!

Daria: I don't!

Jane: OK Mrs. Lane.

Daria: You know, its not good, or normal to talk to yourself.

Jane: Your not exactly one to talk about normal.

Daria: I'll remember that.

Scene: In front of The Lanes

Jane: OK Here we are Cinderella, ready to see Prince Charming?

Daria: It doesn't exactly sound right you saying your brother is charming, as
a matter of fact, its freaky, stop.

Jane: OK I will.

Daria: Didn't we forget Tom?

Jane: He'll be here tomorrow.

Daria: Oh.

Trent: Hey Janey, Hey Daria.

Jane: yo

Daria: Hey Trent (she smiles slightly and her body starts to melt down to
nothing inside)

Trent: Wow! Was that was a slight smile I just saw Daria?

Daria: (blushes) Trent, are you drunk, I never smile (thinks: he actually
noticed that tiny smile?)

Trent: Wow, that makes for a good song, I've got inspiration, Cya Daria, Cya
Janey

Jane: Him and his inspiration already, out of one sentence, oh wait, it was
YOU that inspired him.

Daria: Now that I've done the Girl Scout thing and I've done a good deed, how
about we go to Pizza King?

Jane: Nah, No money

Daria: How about we go watch Trent be "inspired"? (thinks: why did I just say
that?)

Jane: Oh yeah, lets direct all plans to Trent why don't we?!?

Daria: HEY!! Just because Tom isn't here doesn't mean you can batter me
around!

Jane: Sorry Daria, lets go watch Trent, I guess, If you want.

Scene: In the Lane's basement

Trent: yo

Jane: Hey Trent, Daria wanted to come see you be inspired

Trent: Well I wish I could provide entertainment but I lost my inspiration

Jane: Well Daria, that's a disappointment

Daria: OK, well thanks for that Jane,  there goes another 15 minutes in my
life wasted

Jane: Any time. I think I'm just gonna go get tom now. Trent, will you drive
us?

Trent: Sure Janey

Jane: I got the back seat!! I want to be with tom in the back seat!!!

Daria: Yeah, just in case you fall asleep on the way home, his lips will make
a nice cushion

Jane: you said it sister.

Trent: you two are weird

Scene: At Toms house
(Jane rings the doorbell while Trent and Daria stay in the Tank)

Tom: Hey babe I wasn't expecting you till tommorrow

Jane: I know
(the two engage in a long conversation with kisses here and there, but mean
while in the tank,)

Trent: Hey Daria, I wanted to let you know, I really didn't lose inspiration,
I did write a song.

Daria: So lets hear it.

Trent: I'm not finished yet but so far I have:
              Girl I'm feeling your pain, the feeling you gain
              Being rejected by parents and students alike
              their twisting the knife but I'm pulling it back
              making life in the past, You make think this is going too fast
              But I love you girl lets give it a whirl.

Daria: who's that for?

Trent: Some one you know

Daria: Who Monique?

Trent:  No, Monique is out of my life

Daria: Really? Who then?

Trent: This will help you figure it out.....
(He kisses Daria for a very long time.....)

Daria: I didn't expect that, now you aren't saying that's for me, are you?

Trent: Yeah, um, I kind of am saying its for you.

Daria: (thinks: oh my God, Trent likes me, I bet Jane knew!) Really.

Trent: If your worried that Janey knows, she doesn't.

Daria:(Thinks: Can he hear me think?) I'm not.

Trent: Here they come finally!

Daria: Jeez, what took so long, we've been sitting out here for almost an
hour.

Jane: Well you know, I have a lot to tell him, I haven't seen him in, what?

Daria: Two days?

Jane: No about two weeks, I've been so busy lately

Tom: So have I. Elsie just had her prom and I had no choice but to take her
shopping while the folks were golfing again,
and they were busy at the club and all so all I did was shop.

Jane: Really?

Daria: (to Trent) I wonder how many dresses HE tried on.

Trent: (laughs/coughs) your funny Daria.

Daria: (smiles)

(Daria Just smiles and starts to listen to the back seat, Jane and Tom seem
quite busy kissing and Daria notices they start to plan something but ignores
it)

Scene: In Jane's bedroom

Daria: Hey Romeo and Juliet? What was with the back seat thing?

Jane: What, you've never seen us kiss before?

Daria: Not that! You guys look like you were planning something!

Jane: We weren't, I promise, now, um, Romeo, can you go out there with Trent
so I can talk to Daria in private please?

Tom: OK, um, I guess.
(tom exits)

Jane: Here Daria, Try this on.
(Hands her a slinky black dress and a pair of really big high heels that tie
up her legs.)

Daria: Are you trying to make me out to be a Spice Girl?

Jane: No, Tom was gonna take me to Chez Pierre and he wanted me to invite you
and have you bring a date.

Daria: Meet my date, say hi to my imaginary friend.

Jane: How about Trent?

Daria: He doesn't seem like one to do fancy resturaunts

Jane: He will if I ask him too, now are you gonna try that on or not?

Daria: You need to leave the room first.

Jane: Will do.
(she exits and goes down stairs)

Daria: (thinks: I cant believe I'm doing this) Damn dress, stupid high heels.
(she takes off her skirt and shirts until she is standing there in her bra
and underwear, all of a sudden she has a rude awakening)

Trent:(knocks then opens the door) Hey Janey, I left my guitar pick in, hello
there Daria, here and I was wondering if, DARIA! What are you doing?!?!?!

Daria: Being freaked out by you staring at me in my bra and underwear and I
was in the middle of trying something on.

Trent: Can I stay?

Daria: (thinks: did he just say that?) Um, if you want, whatever sinks your
boat.
(she puts on the dress and starts putting on the heels, when she is done, she
wobbles over to Trent.)

Daria: Can you zip this for me?

Trent: Sure but since when do you wear dresses?

Daria: Since Jane is making me, now how do I look?

Trent: (thinks: absolutely beautiful) You look good, make that very pretty,
now take off your glasses and come here.
(she proceeds)

Trent: Now sit on my lap
(she does so in disbelief)

Trent: Now you look ABSOLUTELY beautiful.
(they start to talk when Jane walks in on the two of them, Daria was still on
his lap.)

Jane: Oh my God. Daria you look beautiful in that dress, on Trent's lap!
Trent you do like her!

Trent: How do you figure, you sit on my lap and I don't like you!

Jane: You sat in here while she changed

Trent: I was looking for my guitar pick

Jane: I was just in your room, its in your candy dish.

Trent: Why were you in my room when I'm not in there?

Jane: I wanted a piece of bubble gum.
(she laughs and walks away)

Daria: That sucked.

Trent: No not really, now I don't have to hide it around her

Daria: Yes you do, your her brother and I'm her best friend.

Trent: So your point is?

Daria: I bet that doesn't look right to her

Trent: She's an artist, everything looks right to her.
(Daria smiles)

Daria: Trent? Could you escort me out of the room, I can't walk in these
things!

Trent: Sure.
(he escorts her out of the room to the basement where the two lovebirds are
having a kissing fest)

Daria: So Jane do you have any spit left in your body or is it all in his?

Jane: Haha funny. Now what does everyone think of Daria in that dress?

Trent: Cool

Tom: Eh

Jane: It gives her a figure

Daria: I think its horrible, the fashion club is going to arrest me.


Jane: Come on Daria, lighten up!


(Daria and Jane Go back upstairs)


Jane: Did he really sit here and watch you?


Daria: Yeah, so


Jane: he must like you


Daria: I doubt it

Jane: I don't
(this made Daria think, meanwhile Trent and Tom come into Jane's room to join
them)

Trent: Hey girls.

Daria: Hey again

Jane: yo, well I need to talk to you Trent, come out here with me please.

Trent: Sure Janey

Jane: Tom was gonna take me to Chez Pierre, I was gonna take Daria, but she
doesn't have a date so would you take her? I'm sure you have a good suit
somewhere, that is if you want to go.

Trent: I'll go, it sounds cool, thanks Janey

Jane: Cool, thanks Trent.
(Later in Jane's room)

Jane:  Daria?

Daria: Yes Jane?

Jane: Trent will go with you

Daria: You asked him?

Jane: Yep

Daria: Thanks

Jane: See! Your welcome!
(Two Days later, in Jane's room)

Jane: Try this red dress on, hurry up too, we have almost no time now, Tom
will be here shortly.
(Daria tried on a red oriental dress with red pumps)

Daria: I like the black dress better

Jane: It's in the wash, try this one
(she hands her a baby blue dress and silver stilettos)

Daria: You'd look better in this

Jane: Here is the last one
(She hands her a sparkly navy blue dress with navy high heels, just like the
black ones that tie up her legs)

Daria: I like this one.

Jane: Good, then that's the one you'll wear, now for make-up

Daria: I don't wear make-up

Jane: At least contacts, mascara and lipstick

Daria: Contacts, lipstick, that's it.

Jane: I should be lucky, this isn't like you.

Daria: I would never think you would wear that, and who would have thought
you'd have so many dresses!
(Jane was wearing an opal colored dress with clear stilettos and a lot of
make-up, she looks good too, Daria finishes up as the doorbell rings and Jane
answers)

Jane: Hey babe

Tom: Hey lets go

Jane: COME ON DARIA!! THERE HERE!
(Daria practically throws herself down the stairs and since Jane and Tom are
in the tank, Daria yelled for Trent)

Daria: TRENT, TRENT!!! COME HERE FOR A SEC!!

Trent: COMING!!
(Trent runs down the path)

Daria: I know this sounds ridiculous but since they are sucking face they
wont notice, can you carry me down the path, my ankles are gonna break!
(Trent scoops up Daria and carries her to the tank)

Daria: Thanks

Trent: Your welcome
(Later at the restaurant)

Jane: So, who's ordering what?

Daria: I'll order a raisin and it will still cost me $75.00
(they all laugh except Daria)

Trent: I'll have a chicken sandwhich

Tom: I'll split a plate of spaghetti with you Jane, if you want it.

Daria: Oh God, Lady and the Tramp, fancy French restaurant, spaghetti,
kissing scenes, it makes me sick!

Jane: You want a kissing scene?

Daria/Trent: Shut up Jane!

Jane: Ah the pleasant sound of unison.

Daria: Lets just eat and get out of here, I'm really tired.
(Later after they all eat they are back at Jane's house in the basement,
Daria and Jane get comfortable and relax with the boys)

Jane: So Daria, how was your night?

Daria: OK, I guess

Jane: Want some comfy pants?

Daria: I hate to agree but yeah
(Jane takes a quick run upstairs, grabs a pair of gray sweat pants, they hear
a thunk, then Tom runs upstairs)

Daria: Wanna watch some TV Trent?

Trent: I don't care
(Daria turns on the TV)

TV: ....Cheese gone deadly, tonight, on Sick Sad World

Trent: This is a rerun, can you please turn it off?

Daria: Do you have anything else to do?

Trent: Sleep?

Daria: Good idea.

Trent: What about the pants you were gonna put on?

Daria: She's busy with Tom

Trent: Oh OK

Daria: Now for that nap
(Daria rolls over so her back is against Trents and instantly falls asleep,
Jane and Tom rush down the stairs with handcuffs and feet shackles and tie
them together)

Scene: The basement, the next morning

(Daria wakes up almost all the way on top of Trent)

Daria: Good morning, um, Trent.

Trent: Good morning, um, sweetheart

Daria: Sweetheart?

Trent: Can I call you that?

Daria: I don't care

Trent: I want to tell you something

Daria: Um, me too, and its importaint but you go first

Trent: Ok, I love you Daria, always have, always will

Daria: I feel the same way, but on to even more importaint matters, look at
your right ankle and hand

Trent: Oh my God! I'm gonna kill Janey!

Daria: I'll kill Tom if you want, It will save time

Trent: We will grow to love each other down here because we have nothing to
do but lay on each other and kiss and stuff.

Daria: Hey look, a note!

Trent: It says
                   Dear Love birds,
                 Sorry I did this but I want you two to be together.
                 I plan on keeping you down here for one week and four days.
                 That is if you don't break out first. I will bring food once
in a while
                 Don't do anything I wouldn't do. (that leaves you to do
everything!)
                                 Love, Jane Lane and Tom Slone

Daria: I'm gonna kill that girl

Trent: .....And Tom Slone

Daria: Did she have to add that?

Trent: He participated

Daria: Want a waffle? Thats all Jane left us, she left us coffee too.

Trent: How about a morning kiss?

Daria: Ok
(Trent gives her a big long kiss)

Trent: ok now for breakfast
(they ate, took a nap and made out then napped, that was there basic
schedual, plus eating)

Daria: How about a episode of Sick Sad World?

Trent: Nah, How about, I play my guitar?

Daria: ok

Trent the only thing you need to do is lay down across my lap just dont
crush, um, Trent Jr.

Daria: Ok
(she proceded)

Trent: (singing) Girl, I love you, You know it because its true, But to me
instead, your chained to my heart, and thats the place I beg for you to stay

Daria: Your so good at what you do

Trent: That was not even my best work

Daria: I dont care

Trent: I love you Daria, your so honest

Daria: Thanks, nothing against you but I wish Jane would set us free

Trent: Me too

Daria: I want to sleep

Trent: Thats all we do

Daria: (smiles) I know, aren't our lives interesting?

Trent: Yeah they are

Daria: How do you figure?

Trent: I'm with you

Daria: You find me interesting?
