Description: Things once again happen between Daria and Trent after a little
prodding from Jane and a few accidental findings...

Title: "Sarcasam Queen"
by Angrytaco346Aaol.com (Christa)


(Casa Lane, Jane's room. Jane is painting and talking to Daria. Daria is
sleeping over)

Jane: God, why is it paintings never turn out right no matter what you do to
perfect them?

Daria: Well, partly because paintings portray real life, which means if I
painted my painting would be as screwed up as they get.

Jane: (Squinting at her painting) then how is it that I paint so well?

Daria: How should I know? It helps when your mother isn't a dried up career
woman who lives on the phone, and discourages you from everything you do, but
part of it-

Jane: I think this is okay

(Jane steps back from her painting, revealing a painting of Trent holding
Daria in his arms and kissing her)

Daria: Get that away from me or suffer the almighty punishment-staying at my
house.

Jane: Oh come on, I know you like it.

(Trent walks in. He's tired with huge bags under is eyes, as if he hasn't
slept in days-rather unusual for Trent)

Jane: damn! what happened to you? You look like you got hit by a truck or
something.

Trent: Yeah I've been up tryin' to make up another song-hey Janey, new
painting? Lemme see

(Jane covers it up instantly)

Daria: Uhhh. No its not done. Jane was just asking me what to do with it.

(Jane opens her mouth to protest but Daria steps on her foot to prevent Jane
from continuing)

Trent: Oh. Tell me when you finish it Janey, I wanna see it.

Jane: Sure. I'll call you the second I'm finished.

Trent: I gotta get back to work. The guys are really relying on me to finish
that song. I'm so stuck!

Daria: Hey I have an idea. If you don't mind your story being somewhat ironic
and twisted, I have plenty of poems you could use. Yes that are incredibly
strange but at this point I guess I can sacrifice one poem

Trent: Hey thanks. can I have them? Now?

Daria: Sure (fumbles in her bag) here. But only read these two pages. The rest
is sorta private.

Trent: All right no problem. Thanks again.

(Trent leaves)

Jane: Ahh. The two lovers at last

Daria: Jane stop. I might have to hack you to pieces...

Jane: and lose your only friend? I think not.

(11:30 at night. Jane is asleep, and Daria is up in the kitchen, pacing the
floor. Trent is looking at the poetry)

Trent: (VO) Man, this is pretty good stuff. She's really talented.How do you
write stuff like this if-(drops book) ohhhh I don't wanna bend down that far.
(Trent picks up the book without realizing that the page has turned). Where
was I?

Trent: (aloud) I think I really love Trent. Every time I see him, I get really
hot and I get so nervous. My palms start to sweat and I blush. I wish I could
tell him how I feel. But he's way too old for me. He'd never like me. Man, I
can't let her know I read this.

(Dumbfounded, Trent closes book)

(Trent falls asleep)

Daria: I wonder what Jane did to the painting? I'll go see what perverted
twisted spin she put on that canvas of hell. (She walks up the stairs to
Jane's room. In there, she finds Jane asleep, ad the painting with one small
change, visible in the moonlight. Daria seems to be kissing Trent back, and
they both look much better.Daria can't believe it.)

Daria: I better go to sleep. It's getting late. But first, I should pick up my
diary from Trent- If he isn't snoring on top of it.

(Daria goes to Trent's room. He is still thinking out a song.

Daria: Trent? Can I have my diary back?

VO of Trent: God she's gorgeous- in her own sorta unique way. I better not
tell her that I like her. She'll think I read her diary-which I did.God- I
wonder if she'd mind making out with me? Probably hate me for it.

Trent: Uhhh... sure.

(Daria takes the diary.Trent follows Daria to Jane's door, and upon opening
the door, he sees the painting.)

Trent: Uhh Daria?

Daria: Yeah?( realizes he saw the painting) You saw it didn't you?

Trent: Yeah. Is there any truth behind it?

Daria: Sort of. You see, umm I uhh well..

Trent: It's fine I know. You don't have to say it. You wanna hear the song I
wrote with your words? It kinda is about you. I feel the same way you do about
us. So, you wanna hear it?

Daria: Sure. (She sounds choked up)

Trent: Okay, here it is:
            From the depths of a broken heart I am broken, broken
            I feel as though I have died no matter how many words spoken
            I want a love who loves me back, and doesn't humor me
            If only I could find another whom I love as truly as thee
            I am broken, broken, just another one
            Who is broken, broken, the pieces of my heart
            They are broken, broken, broken beyond repair
            I am broken... broken

Daria: (A tear in her eye) That's beautiful. It woud be more touchy feely
without all the moshing junk, but I won't get technical on you.

(Trent leans over and kisses Daria on her lips. Daria is at first surprised
and soon melts a bit. They begin making out rather heavily on Trent's bed.
Jane walks by the room to get some water. She stares at them wide-eyed and
says nothing. After several moments, Daria faints.)

Jane: Wow. Amazing how similar that was to that scene in American Beauty.

Trent: (stunned) Janey, walk away, this never happened as far as you are
concerned. okay?

Jane: Fine. Let's get our unconcious princess awake.

(Jane gets some water and splashes some on Daria's face. Trent opens the door
to Janes room as Jane brings Daria in.)

Jane: Trent, I think I'd better talk to her first okay?

Trent : Okay. I'm sleeping if you need me.

(Daria wakes up)

Daria: Wow. What did I do? (remembers a bit) Jane, how far did I go?

Jane: Well, uhh lets see. You were making out on his bed, your bra was like
practically off, even though you were still fully clothed , at least on the
outside, and from what I saw he frenched you. I saw nothing really.

Daria: (dull as ever) oh rapture , oh ecstacy. I don't even remember making
out with him too well dammit.

Jane: Well, you had a helluva time in the process- that I did see.

Daria: All thanks to your painting.Well, we better hit the sack.

Jane:I second that. Goodnight, Juliet.

Daria : Good- Hey!

(They go to sleep)

( The next morning. Its cold and rainy and dark)

Jane: Good morning Romeo, wake up to see your love go?

Trent: Hey shut up, Janey.(looks slightly uncomfortable)

Daria: I gotta go. I ahve to be home for some parent -bonding thing. See ya
around Jane.

Trent: Hey, need a ride home?

Daria: That'd be great. (Dull) Now watch as Jane laughs hysterically. Its
magic, its fun, the good old Jane Lane cackle.

Jane: (laughs hysterically) goodbye lovers!

Daria: (dull- duh) Jane, you'll pay.

(In The Tank)

Trent: About last night-

Daria: Oh that wasnt a problem (smiles slightly)

Trent: Okay good. I just wanted to make sure you weren't too weirded out.

Daria: I'm as weirded out as I Daria Morgendorffer can get, considering my
episode last night. Not that that's incredibly weirded out or something.

Trent: (does his cough-laugh) Good one. Hey we're here. See ya around sarcasam
queen.

(Trent and Daria kiss softly)

Daria: See ya. Thanks for the ride. 'Bye.

(Trent drives away)

Daria: Spec-tac-u-lar.(Smiles)

END
