SENTENCE PASSED

A DARIA/THE PRISONER ficlet by Wilson Perez

	Jane looked at the brouchures and was shocked.  What looked like
a holiday resort, upon examination, had some sinister touches.  In her
mind, the SICK, SAD WORLD episode on secret prisons was just a rumor.
Now, with Daria's proof, she had to wonder.
	"I don't get it, Daria," Jane asked, "how did you find out about
this place?"
	"I read the files, made some guesses, and asked Upchuck to look
into it himself."
	"But if they found out, wouldn't they go after Upchuck?"
	"Why do you think I asked him to do that?"
	Jane smiled, but then caught herself.
	"What if he talked?  These guys managed to break all but than one
'Number Six.'"
	Daria looked up from the printouts and stared at her best friend.
	"Do you have the key and ID?"
	Jane then slapped herself on the forehead.
	"So THAT'S why you gave me the Melody Powers package!"
	Daria smiled at her friend.
	"Besides, even if something did go wrong, the person I'd be giving
to them would probably make up for my butting in to their affairs."
	"So it looks like you get to show her up after all, very twisted
Morgendorffer." Jane said with praise.
	"After the three years she put me through, I think it's time she
got what she deserved."
	Just then, Quinn entered wearing white sailor pants and a long
sleeved shirt with wide horizontal pink and white stripes.  A newsboy hat
adorned her head.
	"Daria, I just want you to know that I ordered some clothes for
you from that place you were looking for."
	"And that's where you got the outfit?" Jane asked.
	"Of course!"
	"But don't stripes make you look fat?" Daria asked, a little
amused.
	"Dariaaa... the retro look is in.  Besides, I like these stripes."
	"Well, that explains the jacket," Daria said, referring to the
black jacket with white trim that she found on her bed.  Suddenly a
thought came to her.
	"Wait, how did YOU know about what I was looking for?"  She asked
her sister.  she only told Jane about her task.
	"That would be telling." was Quinn's final answer.  Turning from
Daria's room, she made an 'okay' gesture with her right hand and raised
her hand to her head.  Looking out from the hole made by her hand, she 
gave her farewell:
	"Be seeing you."
	Goggling at amazement, Daria turned to her best friend.
	"She could work for them," she admitted a little impressed, and
very surprised.
	"Well, if that Degree Absolute doesn't work, she could give
makeovers."  Jane responded.
	"That's just cruel and unusual."

	The Man went over to the Supervisor and handed her the file.
	"I went though all the overlays and records.  All of it is true."
	The Supervisor took off her glasses and ran a hand through her
braids.  She was used to wierd things happening, mostly by governments.
Not by people this, well, inconsequential.
	Sighing, she turned to the Man.
	"Number Two, get the paperwork ready." she said in a soft Jamaican
accent.
	As she watched Number Two leave, a hand tapped her shoulder.
	"Ma'am," a young man in an American Southern accent said, "Number
23 is at it again."
	"Go on orange alert.  If he reaches the beach, send in Rover."
	The Supervisor looked around the surveillance room, wondering how
she got herself in this mess.

	Ms. Angela Li drove home in a fury.  After the recent board
meeting, her future as principal of Lawndale High was now in jeopardy.
Questions of misappropriated funds and ethics of security hounded her
mind.  She just wanted to get away.
	Her soul boiled at the thought of having to resign.
	Entering her house, she dropped her briefcase and began to make
some tea to calm down.  As she watched the water boil, she began to feel
a little calmer and sleepy.  Her last thought as she fell on to the
kitchen floor was the funny smell.
	A few minutes later, two men dressed as undertakers entered her
house, carrying a coffin.  They loaded her into the coffin, carried it
out of the house, and loaded it into a waiting hearse.
	No one saw them as they drove off.




NOTES

	This story came out of a desire to do a DARIA and THE PRISONER
crossover.  I figured it would be better to keep it short and simple
as this is my first fanfic.  I initally wanted to write this story
involving the Fashion Club, but that concept proved unworkable and was
thus scrapped.  My next best thing was to send someone to the Village
who truly deserved it.

DARIA copyright 1997, MTV, a subsidiary of Viacom
THE PRISONER copyright 1963, ITC
