Sleeping With Trent 2
by Mitch
wells17@gte.net

Michael Andrews and Mara Jacobs were created by Michael J.
Pfeffer.  Given to Mitch.

     They needed this vacation.  That's what they were
collectively thinking.  At least, that's how Michael Andrews saw
it.  Between Trent's amnesia and Daria's parents fighting, they
all needed to forget was going on.  It was a shame that Jane and
Jesse couldn't come, something about "other plans."  Anyway,
Michael, Mara, Daria, and Trent all went to some other town in
order to forget things.  If all went well, they just might have
something to remember.
     Instead of the Tank, they used a new land-based vehicle
Michael had constructed.  He had told Eddie to take elements of
the MJP-911 and convert them so they would work so they would
work on the terrain.  They drove to a hotel in Middleton.
Michael said that he called ahead and got one room for Daria and
Mara and one for him and Trent.  Somehow, that wasn't the case.
-----
     Daria entered her hotel room, which was already open.  She
guessed Mara was already inside.  She entered...and saw Trent
changing.  "Trent?"  Trent turned around, saw Daria...and
blushed.  "Uh, Trent, you're...out of uniform."  Trent got behind
one of the beds and searched through the bag he had put on that
bed.  Daria turned around.  "Daria, what are you doing here?"
"That was my question.  I thought this was Mara's room..."  "I
thought this was Michael's...oh man..."  "Our rooms got switched.
Look, I'll go talk with Michael and Mara..."  "Naaa.  I don't
think they would want to get separated.  Anyway, we're going to
meet them in a minute in the hot tubs anyway, remember?"  "Oh
yeah.  Okay, I'll go change."  She head toward the bathroom.
"Say, Trent.  Sorry for, uh,..."  "Catching me with my pants
down?"  "-small laugh- Yeah."  "That's okay.  Happened to me all
the time when my other sisters lived with us."  Sometime later,
Daria came out wearing a one-piece green and tan surfer outfit.
Trent had already put on a pair of red boxers during that time.
"You look great, Daria."  "Thanks, but this suit is getting too
tight on me.  Speaking of which, I'm thinking of ditching the
jacket."  "Why?"  "Well, it's also getting tight on me.  Anyway,
the idea is to wear something not quite so revealing.  I used to
wear t-shirts, but that was when I was still a young girl."  "You
could wear a sweater."  "Wow, that's so simple it's brilliant."
-----
     Michael and Mara were already waiting for Daria and Trent.
"That was weird," said Michael, "having our names mixed to get us
to the same room like that."  "Yeah," said Mara, "Wouldn't it be
weird if, instead of getting to our room at the same time, we
caught each other changing?"  Michael blushed.  "I guess," he
whispered.  They both waited in the hot tub for awhile.
"Michael," Mara started to ask, "I've always wondered,
how...close...are Daria and Trent?"  "Well, I don't know, Mara.
I suppose their pretty close as friends, since Daria helped out
Trent with his recent bout with amnesia.  Why do you ask?"  "Oh,
it's just that they seem like a couple sometimes.  I guess I'm
just looking at them the same way I see us.-small laugh-"
"Yeah."
     Daria and Trent then showed up.  "Feel like a 'foursome'?"
asked Daria.  She later blamed that joke on Jane's influence on
her.  Trent agreed.  They all simply relaxed in the water for a
minute until Mara broke the silence.  "Daria, Trent, sorry about
the room mix-up.  I hope it wasn't...too awkward."  "Well," said
Daria, "I don't think you two would complain."  "Well, we're not.
It's just that...well, are you okay with sharing a room?"  "Yes,"
Trent chimed in, "yes, we are."  Mara shrugged.  "Okay then."
-----
     While they were resting, Daria tried to forget her resent
problems.  Trent's accident, her parents, Trent's amnesia; part
of the reason she agreed to this vacation was to forget all that.
She leaned back and got into a relaxing position.  She let the
water sooth her and, for the first time in a couple of months,
she began to relax.
-----
     Trent looked at Daria.  She looked like she was relaxing.
Good.  With all the problems he and Daria were having lately,
this vacation was needed.  It was great to see her relax, what
with her being so tense lately.  Trent still had to deal with the
trauma of his accident and the loss of his memory, but he also
wondered about what Daria went through during that time.  Trent
couldn't explain it and Daria didn't quite say this but...it must
have depressed her greatly.  They were close friends, they must
have for Daria spend all that time and effort restoring his
memory.  Jane had been letting it slip about Daria's family
problems.  He hoped things would work out.  He was privately
jealous of Daria -having- parents.  Well, Trent had parents, just
not always at home.  He looked at Michael and Mara.  He always
admired their love for each other and hoped that there was
similar luck for him as well.  He looked back at Daria.  Daria
pretty much shared her life story with him earlier, something
Trent felt rather privileged about, and she never said anything
about having a boyfriend.  If she doesn't, he thought, a girl
like her will.
-----
     "Guys, I'm starting to prune up."  "Me too.  Let's leave."
They all got out of the tub, dried off considerably, and left.
Trent whispered to Daria, "Thanks for not pointing out...you
know."  "No problem.  Thanks for keeping Mara from grilling  more
about us."  "Your welcome and thanks for understanding.  I don't
think she's being nosy.  She just doesn't know that we've done
this sort of thing before."  "I guess we're even.  Uh, Trent,
what -do- you remember about last time?"  "It's kinda bleary.  I
remember learning something about your past and then we..."
Trent's eyes got wide.  "Hmm.  Oh.  Trent, that was something
I've recently reminded you about my past.  Also, we just laid
next to each other.  In fact..."  "You personally thanked me for
not taking advantage of you.  Yeah.  Thanks, Daria, for trusting
me."  "You're welcome."
-----
     When they got to their room, Daria went into the shower
first.  There, she thought about how Trent was so quiet on this
trip, even more than usual.  She realized that it was -Trent- who
had the real problems.  -He- was the one in a coma for months.
-He- was the one who lost his memory when he awoke.  -He- was the
one who went through a lot of trouble just to make her happy.
Daria had been thinking too much about herself.  She needed to
think more of Trent.  First, she had to apologize.
-----
     "Trent, I..." As Daria exited the bathroom, she noticed that
Trent was on one of the beds with his eyes closed.  "-sigh-I'll
tell you later."  Suddenly, Trent opened his eyes.  "Why not
now?"  "Trent, you're...awake?"  ""Yeah.  I've been thinking,
I've been a slacker for too long.  I'd better start being more
alert in the future.  I just wish that...well...that it didn't
take amnesia for me to see that."  Daria sat next to Trent and
put her hand on his back.  "Trent," she said reassuringly,
"You're not acting that differently, except maybe a little more
protectively, but you may have made that decision anyway if
someone pointed it out to you.  Well, except maybe Jane.  She's
always riffing you for being lazy.  Anyway, I want to say that
I'm sorry."  "What?"  "I'm sorry, Trent.  You've been the real
victim these past few months.  I should be supporting you instead
of feeling sorry over my own problems.  Look, if there's anything
I can do..."  Trent looked at her and smiled.  "Just don't tax
yourself, Daria."  He took her hand.  "I've been worried about
how -you've- been doing.  Maybe we could help each other."
"Deal."  They hugged.
-----
     There was nothing on TV, so they just went to bed.  Still,
they both had trouble sleeping.  "Trent, you awake?  "Yeah?"
"Having trouble with your bed too?"  "The bed?  I guess so, but I
thought it was just me."  Dear God, thought Daria, it's his
problems, I should be helping him.  "Trent, could you come over
here and feel my bed.  I think it's lumpy."  He did.  "It feels
lumpy.  Uh, if you just scoot over, Daria, let me try it."  Daria
moved over as Trent got in between the covers.  "Hmmm, feels
better now.  Any different on your side, Daria?"  "Actually,
yes."  There was some silence.  "Daria, is it okay if I, well,
sleep here since it's more comfy than my bed.  If...if your
bugged by it, I'll just go back...or sleep on the floor..."
"You're not trying to guilt-trip me, are you Trent?"  "Well, I
wouldn't, would I?"  "No, you wouldn't.  I was just teasing you.
Sure, but I already have the dry side."  Trent chuckled.
     Daria figured that she shouldn't had left Trent alone on the
other side of the room, anyway.  She wanted to be there for him
if he suffered from some sort of trauma from his recent trials.
The strange thing was, not long ago she would be as nervous as
heck about being with Trent like this while a small part of her
would enjoy it.  Now, she was scared for him.  She was too
-worried- about him too be -nervous- about him.  She cared for
him, but she wasn't sure if it was a romantic feeling or a
feeling for a friend.  Maybe, under the circumstances, it didn't
matter.
     "Daria...Janie...no...NOOO!"  Trent bolted upright in his
bed.  Daria went to his side.  "Trent, what happened?"  Trent
turned to her.  "Daria, you're...okay?"  "Yeah.  What happened?"
"I...I had a dream about...the...cr---... "  "The crash?"  "Yeah,
except it wasn't me in the car.  It was...you
and...Janie...and...you...didn't make it."    Daria put her hand
on Trent's shoulder.  "Trent...you're afraid something might
happen to us?"  "Yeah.  I guess, when you go through something
like I did, you're afraid something like it or worse will happen
to the people close to you."  Daria got closer to him.  "Trent,
I...mean something to you?"  "Yeah."  "It's...it's because I
helped you with your amnesia, isn't it?"  "No, Daria, I think
it's more than that.  I guess, even at our more distant times,
you've been the closest female friend I've had next to Janie.
And, well, I wouldn't want anything to happen to you or her."
Daria smiled some and hugged him.
     A short time later, after they both were laying in bed,
Daria said, "I know the feeling."  This got Trent's attention.
"Trent, a week or so while you were in that coma, I drempt that
you, well, died.  I drempt that Jane had called me in the middle
of the night, and between her tears, said that you died in your
sleep.  I'm pretty much zoned out by the news, my family is
sympathetic, probably because they knew you.  At your funeral, I,
well, let's just say we part company..."  Actually, in her dream,
Daria kissed Trent in his coffin.  "Jane and I, well, we try to
comfort each other and...well...I really miss you."  Daria tried
to get comfortable again before whispering, "you don't know how
relieved I was when I heard you came out your coma."  Trent
turned to her.  "I guess I...really mean something to you?"
"Well..."  "That's okay, Daria.  You don't have to say it.  I
have to admit...I feel rather...privileged."  "Why?"  "Well,"
said Trent, "I know you told me a lot about your life and
everything, but I've always figured you had a private life before
or beyond Janie and me."  "Meaning?"  "Well, it's stuff I've
always wanted to ask you..., but it's stuff that's not my
business.  I mean, you had sixteen years in Highland before
meeting me so you must have had -some- private life."  "Well,"
answered Daria, "I guess I did, if you mean that my parents never
noticed anything I did."  "Well," said Trent, "you did more than
just bug your sister and hang with those two guys, right?  Who
-doesn't- have a better life than...me?"  Daria looked at him
concerned.  "You mean, your ashamed of your life?  Why?"  "Well,"
said Trent, "all my life is just protecting Janie and writing
music, which is okay.  I wouldn't trade it for anything.  I just
wish...there was more."  "I don't know if that's too different
from other people's lives, Trent.  Not much happened except what
I told you.  That, and the dragonflies I secretly killed at
summer camp.  Whoops."  Trent chuckled.  "Oh no!  I'm lying next
to a killing machine!  Well, I've probably killed a few bugs
along the way, too.  Actually Daria, I've always wondered
about....you don't have to tell me..."  "Just ask, Trent.  You've
made me curious."  "I've always wondered about your...love life."
Trent felt ashamed asking that.  He looked at Daria...and she
looked stunned.  "Daria?  You okay?"  "My...love life?  Why?"
"Just curious.  I know it's not my business but wondering about
it drives me crazy sometimes."  "I...don't think I'm up to
answering that, Trent."  "Oh.  Okay.  Let's just go to sleep."
"Okay."
-----
     Unfortunately, Trent couldn't sleep.  He didn't know why,
though.  Apparently, Daria noticed this.  "You okay, Trent?"
"Hmmm?  Nah.  Just can't get comfortable."  "Hmmm.  Let me try
something."  Daria rolled on top of Trent.  They stared at each
other with open eyes for a while.  "Uh, this isn't what it looks
like."  "Aren't you supposed to say that after someone comes into
the room?"  Daria chuckled and scooted away from Trent's...front.
"Just relax," she whispered.  She then tucked him in and rolled
over to her side.  "Thanks," whispered Trent.  "Say, can I ask
you something?"  "What?"  "Have you...ever have kids?"  "Kids?
Wha...what makes you say that?"  "Well, the way you tucked me in.
It hinted that, well, that either you'd make a good mom or...you
were one once."  "So," said Daria, "this is one of the 'love
life' questions, Trent?"  "Well, yeah."  "Sorry Trent, but you're
my first born."  "Oh.  Look, I wasn't hinting at anything, I was
just wondering..."  "That's okay, Trent.  To be honest, I've
wondered about your private life too."  They cuddled just to get
comfortable and went to sleep.
***
     "Who would have thought that Mara, the love of my life, my
red-haired star, the lady with the killer smile, was a robot all
along!  Hey, wait a minute.  This means I'm still single!  Oh
behave!"
***
     "NOOO!!!"  Mara found herself sitting upright in bed.
"Mara, you okay?"  Mara turned around and saw Michael in his bed.
"Yeah, fine.  Just a nightmare.  Michael, if I...died,
disappeared, or turned out to be a robot, would you...relish
being a bachelor again?"  "Actually," answered Michael, "I would
miss you first."  Wow.  "I'm stepping out for some air," said
Mara.  She left, wondering if her dream was some secret fear of
hers.  I shouldn't worry, thought Mara, I know Michael loves me.
She wondered how Daria and Trent were doing.  She really liked
the chemistry between those two.  They weren't a couple like her
and Michael were, but they seemed like such good friends.  She
figured she would visit Daria and tell her dream.  If Daria was
too tired, she'd get her in the morning.  She found the door,
creaked it open...and saw Daria and Trent in bed together.  Mara
closed the door.  She sat down, still in shock.  Daria and
Trent...sleeping together?  How long had -that- been going on?
Mara didn't even know they were dating!  How come they never said
anything?  Well, they must have had a good reason, after, all,
she wouldn't tell anyone if she was sleeping with Michael.  In a
sense, Mara started to feel very happy for them.  On the other
hand, Mara felt like she saw something she shouldn't have.  She
would keep it secret, but she would feel rather...awkward around
Daria and Trent from that point on.  Also, she never kept a
secret from Michael before.  Well, this something -he- wasn't
supposed to know either.  Mara decided to go back to her room and
sleep on it.
-----
     "Wake up, Trent."  Trent awoke to Daria gently waking him.
She looked so sweet doing that.  Lately, he had been more aware
of Daria's appearance and how...mature she was getting.  "Hey,
Daria.  Uh, I'll shower first."  "Okay, I'll make the bed."
-----
     As Daria made the bed while Trent showered, she thought of
how much of a gentleman he was.  This was the -second- time he
could have taken advantage of her, and he didn't.  She thought
about how Trent had always treated her as an equal, not as "just
a girl" of even a "brain".  Trent was actually a -nice guy-.
This actually brought a tear to Daria's eye.
     As Daria finished up, Trent came out of the bathroom fully
dressed and smelling like, well, not a rose, but...  "Hey,
Daria," he said, breaking her train of thought, "You're turn."
"Okay," she said as she gathered her clothes and went to the
bathroom.  She turned to Trent before she went in and said,
"Thank you."  "For what?"  "For treating me like a person."
-----
     Everyone met each other at check out.  "Glad the service was
better here than at that arcade we were at," commented Michael.
"Yeah," said Trent, "I remember you going 'Game card?  What's a
game card?'  Things were confusing enough when tokens replaced
quarters."  While the guys were discussing the decline in
electronic entertainment, Mara took Daria away.  Already, her
knowledge was starting to drive her crazy.  She couldn't tell
Michael and, for some reason, she couldn't really tell Trent.
So, she decided to tell Daria.  Mara hoped that, if she laid it
on her gently enough, she would understand.  "Okay, Mara, I
wasn't really interested in Trent and Michael's conversation, but
why drag me over here?"  "Daria, I...I don't know how to tell you
this but...well...I haven't told Michael, I'm not -planning- to
but...I was trying to visit your room this morning and saw
you...well..."  "What...what did you...oh."  "Look," said Mara,
"I won't mention it again, but I -do- hope you and Trent are
happy together..."  "Uh, Mara?  It wasn't what you think."
"What?"  "We were just lying next to each other.  Nothing really
happened last night."  "So, you and Trent aren't...I mean...I
wouldn't have thought that if I hadn't seen you..."  "That's
okay.  If you didn't say anything, then it doesn't matter.  But,
why tell me?"  "Because...I thought you should know."  "Okay, but
knock first, okay?"

END
