SOMEWHERE OVER THE EDGE
(or 'Daria's Failed Final Fantasy')
by Don Fields
(WARNING: Even though this is a self-contained story,
 there is a slight reference to the events in 'Dye, Dye, My Darling')

SCENE ONE:
It's late at night and this scene starts at a entrance of an old large bridge
that just been condemned, as noted by the huge chain fence and large
cautionary signs closing off the entrance. Off in the far distance, the faint
sound of a river rushing from underneath the bridge. There isn't much light
here other than from the full moon and an old almost dead street lamp. DARIA
is then seen walking up to the bridge. She looks around a bit until she
notices, far off to her right, a foot dirt path. She follows this path until
it leads her to a hole in the fence. She crawls through and, from the hole,
finds another makeshift path leading off to the far side and into the
inner-structure of the bridge. Her instincts and the sound of the rushing
river leads her through this maze until she finds herself standing on a beam
looking over the river itself. DARIA takes her time partly studying and partly
staring blindly at the river below. The river's rushing sound is quite loud
now. She slowly turns, deeply sighs, closes her eyes and holds out her arms
and hands like wings. Showing no emotion at all, DARIA inches her feet towards
the very edge. However, just as the gravity takes told and begins to pull her
down, she hear the sound of an person (OLD WOMAN) screaming, becoming closer.

OLD WOMAN:
Geeeeeeeeeeetttttttttttttttttttoooooooooouuuuuuuuutttttttttttt....

DARIA notices this and opens an eye. In a very quick procession, DARIA p.o.v.
is a bottom half of an OLD WOMAN falling off the top of the bridge, and
towards DARIA's way.....

OLD WOMAN: (cont.)
ooooooooooffffffffffffffftttttttttttthhhhhhhhheeeeeeeeewwwwwwwaaaaa...

Again in very quick procession, DARIA opens both her eyes in shock, grabs one
of the bridge poles within her arms reach and pulls herself back on the ledge,
JUST missing the OLD WOMAN as she passes right behind DARIA.

OLD WOMAN: (cont., fading off by now)
yyyyyyyydddduuuummmmbbasssssssssssssssssss!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

She hears a loud splash. DARIA is thrown for a loop from this sudden event.
Still holding on to the pole, DARIA turns her head and carefully leans over
the edge to look at the river. She can't find the OLD WOMEN. Just like before,
another voice from above is suddenly coming in again, only it's a man (MAN #1)
with a ringing cell phone in his hand.

MAN #1:
EEEEEExxxxxxxxxxxcuuuuuuuuuseeeeeeeeeee.........

DARIA hears this one coming and, without looking, pulls herself out of the
MAN's way. Just as DARIA pulls back, the MAN, now fully seen dressed in a
business suit, tosses his phone to DARIA as he passes her by and tells her
something VERY quickly...

MAN #1: (cont., very quickly)
canyouanserthatformeI'mverybusyrightnooooooooooooooooooowwwwwwwwww..........

MAN #1 finally passes and hits the river and, like the OLD WOMAN, disappears
into the water. DARIA pokes her head over the ledge...yup, he's gone. DARIA is
stunned, lost for words. She turns her sights into the darkened inner working
of the bridge for clues. She finds a makeshift flight of stairs heading up to
a hole to the surface of the bridge, with a large arrow-shaped sign (with
cheap flashing X-mas tree lights) pointing upward.

DARIA: (under her breath)
What the hell.......??

DARIA tosses the phone aside and begins to make her way towards this discovery
as another man (MAN #2) falls to the river right behind her.

MAN #2: (passing by)
GoddamnedstockmarketI'llgetBillGatesforthiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiissssssssssss...

DARIA carefully climbs up the stairs. On the surface of the bridge is, of
course, a street...only, in this case, a pot-holed ridden worn-out street;
concrete riddled with large cracks, large pot holes, etc. . As DARIA makes it
to the top, she pops her head up through the hole to the street only to be
blind sided by the sight of a huge sign almost leaning over the hole that
reads 'THE LINE STARTS HERE!!'. The sound of the river has faded and somewhat
replaced by a steady natural sound of a small crowd...waiting. DARIA climbs
out of the hole and goes around the sign only to find a long line of people
that ends at the edge of the bridge. There's an (for now) unidentified man at
the head of the line, a person give him money and jumps off, we hear him/her
scream off into the river. Out of sheer curiosity, DARIA begins to walk past
the line to the front to investigate. However, as she makes her way, a few in
line protest.

MAN #3 (upset, to DARIA)
HEY! YOU! What ya doin'? Get back in line!!

YUPPIE WOMAN: (ditto)
I've been waiting here for half a hour and I'm not gonna blow my turn with
some low-rent slacker.

HUSBAND OF YUPPIE WOMAN: (ditto)
That's right!! We gotta off ourselves before 1 a. m. for tax propose! Get back
there with the rest of the bums!

DARIA is a little startled with the hostility, but she holds her ground and
continues her investigation. That is, until she bumps into (of all people)
BEVIS and BUTTHEAD with a makeshift paper sign marked 'SUCKcurity' duck taped
to their chest. The impact forces the LITTLE WEANERHEADS to fall on the ground
and a dis-believing DARIA standing over them.

BEVIS: (upset)
OUCH! DAMN IT!! THIS SUCKS! We're supposed to beat the crap out of people and
stuff. Heh-heh.

BUTTHEAD: (ditto, to BEVIS)
Yea, butcha ya keep falling on top of me, BUTTplug!

BEVIS: (to BUTTHEAD)
No way, BUTThole! You keep bumping into ME!

Both get up to face each other.

BUTTHEAD:
Way, dude. I was about to kick this intruder's ass but you got scared and fell
on top of me....wuss! Huh-huh.

BUTTHEAD smacks BEVIS.

BEVIS:
OUCH! Screw you, dickweed! I was catching your fall when you passed out from
the look on his face,.....DILLhole!

BEVIS smacks BUTTHEAD.

BUTTTHEAD:
OUCH! Knock it off, weakling or I'll KICK your ass!

BUTTHEAD returns the favor and it quickly turns from a facial slap feast into
a punching and grabbing fight and both end up on the ground again only kicking
each other's ass. After a few seconds of this prize fight, DARIA interrupts
their discussion.

DARIA:
Um, excuse me. Normally, the 'intruder' would of escaped with the 'Pink
Panther' by now and would of left you inspectors to fight this out for a
couple of lame films but...

THE LITTLE WEANERHEADS, now slightly bruised, stop their fight and get up.

BUTTHEAD:
Uhhhh....really? Huh-huh...she's right, dude...

BEVIS:
...OH..yea...heh-heh (to DARIA) So..ah..heh-heh....what do we do now?

YUPPIE WOMAN: (yelling at the WEANERHEADS and pointing to DARIA)
You're supposed to keep slackers like her BACK to the end of the line where
her kind belongs and KEEP her there!!

BUTTHEAD:
OH yea, huh-huh (to DARIA, in his [barely] 'authoritative' voice) O. K.,
ma'am...huh-huh...before we can kick your butt and stuff...huh-	huh...we'll
have to strip search you....huh-huh....(to BEVIS, pointing to
DARIA)...Officer, I want a cavity search. Pronto!

BEVIS whips out a rubber glove and tries (unsuccessfully) to put it on.

BEVIS: (excited)
COOL! Now bend over, or I whip a six-pack of whip-ass and serve it to ya in a
frosty enema bag, ma'am. Heh-heh.

Suddenly, UPCHUCK walks into the scene and addresses BEVIS and BUTTHEAD. At
this point, BEVIS is lost concentration on everything around him and has
focused his attention on trying to get the glove on.

UPCHUCK: (business-like but in his usual suave manner)
Boys, what's the hold up? The line is slowing down.

BUTTHEAD: (to UPCHUCK, pointing at DARIA)
Huh-huh. We have a intruder breaking the line, sir. After Officer Bevis sticks
his hand up this intruder's ass...huh-huh...we gotta pound this punk-ass and
treat her like a Rodeny King....huh-huh...

At this time, BEVIS has both hands stuck inside the glove. He tries to wrestle
the situation.

BEVIS: (mainly to himself, grunting)
...EEEeeeeeeeft...damn it!.......

UPCHUCK:
(calmly to BUTTHEAD) Easy, gentlemen. I doubt someone would want to smuggle
Maui-WOWIE into the afterlife. (turns to DARIA and recognizes her, suddenly
pleasantly surprised) Miss Dar-r-r-r-r-r-r-r-ria Mor-r-r-r-r-rgando-r-r-r...!!

DARIA: (impatient with what's gone on so far, to UPCHUCK)
Knock off the verbal abuse of my mis-given name or you'll get a canal search
from MY Doc Martins!

UPCHUCK:
What a fool of me to trifle onto your forthwith yet fragile state of mind, my
brown hared tragic beauty.

DARIA:
Excuse me?

YUPPIE WOMAN: (angrily breaks in, to UPCHUCK)
What's the matter with you?! Kick her back to the line NOW! I didn't pay for
priority position to get a up close view of some loafer killing herself ahead
of me!

DARIA is startled with this round of revelations and UPCHUCK addresses her and
the rest of the restless natives in line.

UPCHUCK: (to the line)
Please relax, everyone! We're experiencing a minor problem that will be
resolved VERY shortly. You will meet your maker in due time and manner.

UPCHUCK turns to THE LITTLE WENNERHEADS.

UPCHUCK: (to the WENNERHEADS)
Men, while I care for the Divine Mz. M, you two will have to 	take my place
and assist our more immediate customers.

BEVIS is now has his foot and one of his hands stuck inside the glove.

BUTTHEAD: (happily)
COOL!! (to BEVIS) Come on, dude! We get to see suckers fall to their death and
stuff....huh-huh.

BEVIS: (wide-eyed, excited)
WOE! Kick Ass! heh-heh.

Both BUTTHEAD and BEVIS turn and run (and, in BEVIS' case, hops) for the edge
leaving UPCHUCK and DARIA behind.

DARIA:
Is this what I'm dreadfully think it is?

UPCHUCK:
To the inhabited, a drearily meekish 'yes', but to the bold fearless
entrepreneur frontiersmen, HELL YEEES, BUCKOO! NOW STAND ASIDE AND LET THE
AFTERLIFE BEGIN!!

DARIA:
Ummm, how about a bewildered, astonished by-standard?

UPCHUCK: (starts to joyously ramble)
Daria!? My favorite intellectual ball-breaking Tura Satana? Surprised with
silence?! You always proudly boast that our western civilization is on it's
last elbow, getting deeper into the sewage of the age of decadence;
self-destruction in it's own multiple hands of corporate greed, political
blood-letting and social narcissism, intentional tossing of the less-fortunate
yet more-deserving losers aside, trashing our unrecyclibe environment for the
sheer audacity, wildly dispensing fast-food religious hell-fire like a nasty
game of dodgeball while the system of social circle jerking hypocrisy raining
upon us all and, let's not forget the granddaddy of all hands of human
destruction, indulging in good-old fashion GRRRRRRREEEEEEED!

DARIA: (uncomfortable)
I don't remember saying anything about 'blood-letting'...

UPCHUCK: (cont.)
..and now, our scorched earth is turning more baron than our inter-uncivilized
souls with a sense of a blind mindless mission accomplished. The Twinkies on
Gimmie Gimmie Tree from the Garden of Greeden now lay digested and spewed like
fertilizer over those losers who weren't strong and corrupted enough to join
our little party wagon to hell. Where do we go from HERE now that our SUV's
sucked the last bearable breathing air for our cancer filled lungs!?! What
level of existence haven't we exploited to the hilt yet? Why, of course! The
ULTIMATE untapped market!

DARIA: (wiry)
The Trump Plaza on the other side....?

UPCHUCK:
BINGO!

UPCHUCK begins to walk along side the line lead towards the front with DARIA
following

DARIA:
Do you by chance enrolled into Pat Robertson's School Of Heathen Business?

UPCHUCK:
Oh, my dear Daria. The old ways of the old cross doesn't have the staying
power over the weak-minded yet strong-willed wallet as it once had.
Preoccupied with sexual scandals and bribing willing politicians, the fire and
brimstone is no longer the magnet for these piggy banks who are looking for a
security blanket until judgment day. So why not cut the middle man to head
straight to the finishing line in a golden BMW chariot.

DARIA:
Upchuck, I hardly doubt what YOU are about to call 'the major cash cow
investment in what's left of a sucker's life' would need a used car salesman
to complicate things more than they really are.

UPCHUCK:
'Complicate'?! We're just assisting. Observe.

UPCHUCK motions his arms to direct DARIA's attention to THE LITTLE
WEANERHEADS. The said WEANERHEADS are now seen standing at the edge of the
bridge, standing ether side of a nameless INVESTOR, who's, as we're cutting
in, giving the WEANERHEAD's his sob story.

INVESTOR: (sobbing)
...and then, my accountant suggested I invest in Electric Doggie Polishers to
make up for the losses from that Scientology-based religion of prosperity
through eating money....and that's went the bottom fell out of my appetite, my
wallet and my life.....

INVESTOR starts to cry in his hands. There's a moment or two of silence from
the WEANERHEADS until....

WEANERHEADS: (sarcastically, as much fake sincerity they can muster)
AAAAAAAAAAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa......!!!

Both start to laugh and bag on the INVESTOR.

BEVIS: (laughs)
Hehehehehehehe...what a DUMB ass.....

BUTTHEAD: (ditto)
Huhuhuhuhuh....yea, what don't ya hunt down that bastard and KICK his stupid
butt instead of acting like a wuss?....huh-huh..

INVESTOR points to a gentlemen at the end of the line.

INVESTOR:
He's at the end of the line...the one with the bodyguards protecting him from
his other clients.

BEVIS:
Oh, yea. Heh-heh. The bastard that everyone wants to kill before, like,  he
kill's himself. Kaul!!

BUTTHEAD: (to INVESTOR)
O. K., you sorry dumbass...huh, huh...time to meet your maker. (points to the
river far below)

BEVIS: (ditto)
Yea...so he can kick your stupid ass, too.

Both WEANERHEADS start to push him off, but UPCHUCK runs in the scene and
stops them.

UPCHUCK: (hurried)
BOYS! BOYS! Don't force them off. Just make sure you get the cash and help
them with this MOST precious moment.

BEVIS:
Oh, yea.

DARIA: (to UPCHUCK)
Help? As in talk to then through their problems?

UPCHUCK:
No, make sure they make a clean jump. I don't want to leave a mess when, at
the slim chance that the cops might arrive.

BUTTHEAD: (upset)
...but, wouldn't as much fun.

BEVIS:
Yea,...heh-heh...(whistles a sound of a bomb falling and then shouts) SPLAT!!!

The by-now highly-nervous INVESTOR suddenly jumps from the shock of BEVIS'
loud "splat" sound. Unfortunately, he end up on the wrong end of the edge and
is seen falling off into the river below. All react, especially BEVIS and
BUTTHEAD.

BUTTHEAD: (to BEVIS)
WHOA! Huh-huh! That was kaul, dude!!

BUTTHEAD:
Just doin' my job, sir...heh-heh...thank you, drive through please
......heh-heh..

DARIA: (astonished)
The HELL.........?!

UPCHUCK: (back to his suave/business banter, to DARIA)
Just partaking in the American free-enterprise of supply and demand.

BUTTHEAD:
Yea....huh-huh. They supply the butt....

BEVIS: (finishes off BUTTHEAD's line)
...and we fulfill their demand by giving them the (excitingly) BOOT!!
Heh-heh. (shouting) NEEEEEEEXT!!

DARIA places a hand over her face.

DARIA: (disbelief, mainly to herself)
I don't believe this. Upchuck as St. Peter with a bulky wallet and my worst
chapter from my past as demolition derby hearse drivers.

UPCHUCK gently takes one of DARIA's arm as to lead her towards the edge.

UPCHUCK: (gentlemanly but a little too eager, to DARIA)
If you're willing yet unable, I can cut you in line and a insider discount. I
have to do this quietly, though, as the natives are getting restless.

DARIA quickly pulls her arm away from UPCHUCK and becomes quite angry.

DARIA: (to UPCHUCK)
Get your goddamned greedy hands off me, you Marvel-comic-buying-and-selling-
son of a bitch. The choices I make are my OWN and what I do with it is none of
your business...literally.

UPCHUCK:
Oh, but Daria, I hardly find that information hardly relevant! 	EVERYbody at
school knows that you and Jane broke up over that kiss and you have been
feeling...well...MORE that the usual 'dark' tone lately.

BEVIS: (to DARIA)
Really?! I felt that way when White Zombie broke up.

DARIA: (still on UPCHUCK)
Still doesn't mean I should give in the sheep heard mentality of throwing in
my emotional state to be at "one" with my empty wallet for the blind sake of
maintain the American patriotic tradition of (briefly impersonating UPCHUCK)
GREEEEEEED (back to herself) as you so lovingly put it. There are just some
thing's that is beyond the insistent dominance of materialism and a stock
portfolio, Upchuck. It's called life. Dealing with the unexpected
back-stabbing, bruises pratfalls and other surprises that WE experience
everyday. (zeroing in on UPCHUCK) Like having cheerleaders and the girls from
the Chess Club answering your insistent requests for dates by typing it out on
your forehead, or your father locking you up in the basement for a weekend
after you tried to turn the garage into your own Playboy Mansion....

UPCHUCK:
.....or mopping around, mumbling to yourself like Rev. Jim Ignatowski while
your former-friend is telling everybody how Joan Collins you really are.

DARIA: (sternly)
You're references are old as your Pac-Man cereal premium collection.

UPCHUCK:
But, at the VERY least, I do it style. It's also HOW we prepare for these
little bumps in the road...and, judging from your little bruises, I'd say SOME
poor fool forgot the kneepads.

DARIA:
So, you cushion yourself by taking money from desperate people at their end of
the golden rope. Upchuck, I may not be mondo jovial as your wallet but for
whatever my mistakes are and however I do to deal with them is MY business and
MY choice. Whether I'm right or wrong is my own eternal debate that I must
face and I don't need commentary from your ego or these numbnuts you hired for
security.

UPCHUCK: (innocently interrupts)
Actually, they're my foreign partners in this venture......

DARIA: (brutally interrupts)
..and I can't think of anything more desperate than using OTHER peoples
money...no, scratch that...money in general, as a personal security blanket
from YOUR deepest problems. I maybe taking my split with Jane hard, but I'd
say someone is going to suck on a tail pipe by his first year in college.

UPCHUCK: (waving DARIA off)
Daria, Daria. Using SUCH brutal descriptions to nail in a DULL point is so
gouache. If you can't roll with the punches, you might as well profit from it.
(turns to the WEANERHEADS) Right, boys? (sees the WEANERHEADS and goes into
shock) AAAAuuuuggghhhh!!!!

Cut to the WEANERHEADS with another, more fatter, customer (BIG LADY). While
BIG LADY stands still, looking over the edge in indecision and fear, BUTTHEAD
is pulling one of his arms over the edge (he literally hanging over the edge
to do this) and BEVIS is one of his feet implanted, thereby, stuck between BIG
LADY's butt cheeks (Actually, BIG LADY's business pants are on, but thanks to
the force of BEVIS' kick, the fabric has stretched to the point that it's
tight enough to trap BEVIS' feet between the cheeks...you get the idea). The
BIG LADY is almost crying and the WEANERHEAD are grunting.

BUTTHEAD: (mad)
Ufffth...damn it, Bevis. Kick!

BEVIS: (ditto)
I'm trying, buttplug. Eeeehhh...My foot is trapped in her butt. Aahhh!

UPCHUCK runs up to them.

UPCHUCK: (urgently)
Boys! Boys! What did I say about ONLY assisting?!?!

BUTTHEAD:
We are. Ms. Fatt Ass here was chickening out after she gave us the doe. So
we're helping him make up his mind...(to BIG LADY)...Come on, you're gonna get
what you paid for....huh-huh...

BEVIS:
Yea, this ain't no fetish bar were you get a lawn mower rammed up yer butt....

DARIA runs up, grabs BEVIS by his waist and manages to pull BEVIS and his foot
out of the BIG GUY.

BEVIS: (to DARIA)
Heh-heh...thanks, babe.

BIG LADY: (sobbing)
I...I...don't think I can...I mean....how can I live with myself after Monica
Lewenski failed Weight Watchers...or, was that Paula Jones...no, wait...Linda
Tripp....Tipper Gore???? Oh, GOD. I'm SO confused!

DARIA: (to herself)
First, greed, now hero worshipping...

BUTTHEAD: (to the BIG LADY)
It wasn't her...it was that Di chick. Now do it or Bevis and I will unconfuse
you.

BEVIS limps up to the BIG LADY.

BEVIS:
Not before I kick some ass around for my messed-up ankle.

BUTTHEAD:
....Uhhh...I think you already did...and sucked at it, dude.

BEVIS:
I did? Damn it!!

UPCHUCK: (nervously, attempting to humor up the situation)
Now, boys, no more 'buts' for tonight. This isn't a fetish bar. Right, Bevis?

BEVIS: (to UPCHUCK)
I don't know, but I kinda like your butt. Heh-heh. I'd wouldn't kick it.

BUTTHEAD:
Yea. I kinda like you're butt, too.

UPCHUCK getting really nervous with the direction of this conversation.

UPCHUCK: (sweating)
Ummm.....hehehehehehehehe. Please. We have customers to attend to.

BEVIS:
Ah...you know what? Screw the business. The only reason we gave you our bucks
and went up here with you is, well, heh-heh, date you and stuff...

BUTTHEAD:
Yea, huh-huh, you're kinda cute...and stuff....

UPCHUCK:
Wait! What are you saying?!?!

DARIA: (a little stunned herself, to UPCHUCK)
I think they're trying to say is that they might be gay.

BEVIS:
Might be?! We're grade-A butt pirates!

BUTTHEAD:
Flammers...

BEVIS:
A POOFer

BUTTHEAD:
Fairies...

BEVIS:
Well, at least we think so. MTV had a Ricky Martin/N'SYNC day and there wasn't
anything else on....

BUTTHEAD:
...and after the first two hours, we started feeling kinda queer in our
pants...and the next thing we knew, we were listening to Bevis's 	mom's Cher
CD's.

BEVIS: (singing, more like screaming)
'I Belieeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeveeeeeee!!!

UPCHUCK:
But we're making a ton of money here and you're talking nothing but pointless
trivial dribble like your personal problems. I hope you don't do anything
foolish by throwing it all away.

BUTTHEAD: (to UPCHUCK)
We may have to, dude. Now that we're out of the closet, Todd'll hunt us down
and stomp our asses like a Narc Agent at a biker rally. Huh-huh.

BEVIS: (bummed out)
Oh, that would suck whale dick.

BUTTHEAD: (to BEVIS)
Well,...huh-huh...how about lover's leap? With Upchuck?

BEVIS: (excited)
REALLY?! KOOL! I got debs on rear entry!!

UPCHUCK:
WAIT!!!!

BEVIS comes over to UPCHUCK and, with his arms, grabs UPCHUCK in a neck hold
and forces him towards the edge of the bridge. UPCHUCK tries unsuccessfully to
struggle himself to freedom.

UPCHUCK: (panicking)
Daria?!?! Ms. Fat Ass?!?! HELP!!!

BUTTHEAD: (to BEVIS)
But you better be damned ready. It's a short ride from here to eternal pancake
city.

BEVIS:
O. K.

As DARIA is about to try to help UPCHUCK, BEVIS blocks her way and pushes her
away. DARIA hits the ground. By this time, BUTTHEAD and UPCHUCK are on the
edge and are about to leap but BUTTHEAD pause and turns to DARIA (and
everybody else on the bridge)

BUTTHEAD:
(Starts to sing the following lyrics, badly) '....and she's buuuuying the
stairway...(pause) to heaveeeeeeennn....'(laughs a bit)...Huh-huh...I always
wanted to do that.

BUTTHEAD leaps with UPCHUCK in tow. UPCHUCK screams out his final words.

UPCHUCK:
Give my regards to the Playboy Mansionnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn.....

Both are gone. It's BEVIS's turn. As he approaches the ledge, he drops his
pants. He, too, stops and turns to the folks, but, this time, directly to
DARIA.

BEVIS: (to DARIA)
Ummmm...I really don't have any last words and stuff....heh-heh... how about,
'Removal of this tag is strictly prohibited and will be punishable to the full
extent of the law'. (he then pulls his shirt just over the top of his head and
sticks his arms out like Great Cornhillio). Heh-heh. Oh, yea. Hey, Diarrhea,
sorry about your name. (he turns towards the water and goes into his Cornholio
voice) I'm The Great Cornholio, I got Tee Pee for your (leaps off)
BUNNNNGGHOOOOOOOOOOOOOLE!!!

DARIA is still on the ground and in shock (in her own way). The BIG LADY
chimes in the brake the spell.

BIG LADY: (mainly to himself)
What just happened?! I was ready to end my life over a flawed and fattened
former intern in a failed advertising campaign. Next thing I knew, I saw
people who were going to help me end my life change theirs right in front of
me and stopped me from ending mine. Maybe there is hope. M...Maybe money is
not the answer. Maybe I shouldn't be concerned with what the media tells me to
think about myself. I should live my own life and SCREW EVERYBODY ELSE. This
is my life (he begins to jump up and down in jubilation) That's the secret of
life!! I'm free! I'm free! My guardian angles revealed it to me! Oh, Thank
You, My Dearest Angle. Thank You! Thank...

Before BIG LADY can utter the next word, the piece of old road underneath her
jumping spot collapses and falls right into the river below....and as she
lands down, BIG LADY falls right into the river.

BIG LADY: (cont.)
.....AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAUUUUUUUUUUUUggghhhyou Bitcchhhhhhhh........

DARIA: (regretting what she's about to say)
You're...welcome...?!

A female STOCKBROKER, near-by, is heard and is addressing the crowd behind
her.

STOCKBROKER: (to the people behind her)
Hey, everybody! The gate keepers are gone. It's the blue light special! Let's
go!!!!

Suddenly, the large line begins to fall apart and make a very mad dash towards
the ledge. DARIA braises herself to be stampeded. However, before anybody gets
any closer, a loud gun-shot is heard and the sound stops everybody in their
tracks. The sound is coming from YUPPIE WOMAN and her gun that she was hiding
in her briefcase. YUPPIE WOMAN walks sternly past the crowd and close to the
edge while holding the gun over her head to show everybody.

YUPPIE WOMAN: (angrily to everybody in ear shot)
Any living BODY even THINKS about cutting in FRONT of ME will MEET eternity
FACE to FACE with MISTER MAGNUM!! GOT IT!!!

Everybody (but DARIA, she's mearly a witness) nods yes.

YUPPIE WOMAN:
GOOD!!!

YUPPIE WOMAN stops just short of the ledge. She puts down her briefcase and
gun down. She then whips out her small make up kit and, either out of
necessity or audacity, takes her time fixing her hair and putting another
layer of lipstick. She puts the kit away, picks up the gun and briefcase and,
JUST before she leaps, she turns her head to the crowd behind her and......

YUPPIE WOMAN: (to the crowd)
The last dry lemming gets to turn off the light!!

She shoots the gun into the air as it was a starting gun and leaps over,
followed closely by everybody else, cheering as if they started a running
marathon. The sight is almost like a fall of humanity pouring into the river.
DARIA, covering herself from the might of the crowd, is still sitting on the
ground with the crowd around her passing around her.

VARIOUS VOICES FROM THE CROWD (Some to DARIA, some to each other):
'Come on, what are you waiting for, kiddo!' 'Don't cut in front of me',
etc., etc.,

After a couple of minutes of this, everybody has gone to the river, leaving
DARIA behind. The scene and, for that manner, the whole bridge is now deserted
and quiet with only the sound from the river below is heard. After a quite
moment or two of gathering her thoughts together, DARIA slowly gets up and
carefully walks to the edge. She gets on her knees and sits on her feet while
starting down on the river. She sees no sign of anybody. Again, she just
stairs down emotionless, thinking things over. After another set of quiet
minutes, DARIA, almost whispering, recites a poem.

DARIA: (to herself)
Razors pain you;
Rivers are damp;
Acids stain you;
and drugs causes cramps.
Guns aren't lawful;
Nooses give;
(she get up and turns to leave)
Gas smells awful;
*sigh* You might as well live.

DARIA then walks away from the ledge and exits the scene back through the hole
in the bridge. Fade Ta Black.

Da End. 8/16/M2. 7:49 p. m.

Story: (c) M2 Don Fields; DARIA, BEVIS & BUTTHEAD and related characters: (c)
M2 MTV Networks, Inc.

NOTES: Well, so much for that! Originally, this whole story was supposed to
have been just a part of a larger fanfic piece called 'The Whole Damned Thing
(Or Any World [That I'm Welcome To])'. Generally, the story had Daria roaming
around Lawndale very late at night rambling and ranting to a tape recorder
about her place in life, or lack there of. She dumps into situations and
familiar characters (like Jane and Andrea) along the way. Anyway, she
reluctantly talks about the subject of suicide and a couple of 'dreams' she
has of her own death, however, she doesn't even end up with a nose bleed. This
above 'dream' was one of them. If you have noticed the leanth of JUST this
piece, you could tell it was going to be a long one. Which is one of the chief
reasons that this not-so-forth-coming mega-story probably won't happen.

This also marks the second appearance of Bevis & Butthead in my fan fics (read
'Everything You Know Is Wrong!' for the first) and I hope it's the last time.
Sure, it was fun writing these stupid Weanerheads in but I don't want to get
too obvious around here and it's getting quite a clique in the Daria fanfic
circles. Also, the first 2/3rd of this was written before the airing of those
two powerhouse eps, 'Fire!' and 'Dye, Dye, My Darling'. What slowed me down on
this story (now as an self-contained story) was that I needed a plausible
reason for Daria to go to the bridge. Well, I'm not one to heavily rely on
specific episodes for plot sprinboards, but after these two, what the hell, I
figured, as long as I don't get too soap opreaish with it.

I had a little social commentary on the 'Lemming Reflexes' and Yuppies, but I
lost my train of though when my roommate (out of rage or boredom, I forgot)
torched all the SUV's and BMW's in the neighborhood and created a soothing
wall of fire. Well, living in Manhattan "This Is MY" Beach isn't for the thin
skinned and wallet.

Oh...and that poem at the end? It's called 'Resume' by Dorothy Parker from the
'The Viking Portable Library Of Dorothy Parker' paperback. Read it and feel
the love of intelligent sarcasm smack you in the face.

THE USUAL THANKS TO: The Daria Fandom Mafia (especially to Martin J. Pollard
for getting back up from that overly anxious asshole lawyer and Canadibrit for
the space with my name on it), that guy who runs FanFiction.Net, Harlan
Ellison for the "Guarden Of Greeden" phrase, and The Molotov Cocktail Hour,
Van Dyke Parks & Eugene Chadbourne for the background noise. I dedicate this
piece to Steely Dan for coming back with 'Two Against Nature'.

Coming up next on the Don-O's Fake Daria Netweb: that long-unwaiting sequel to
'The Sound Of One Band Sucking', 'It's the Millennium, Stupid!'...I think, I
hope.....I really don't know

Other titles by this shmuck:
'The Sound Of One Band Sucking'
'Kind Of Blue'
'Everything You Know Is Wrong'
Look for these titles at www.outpost-daria.com, www.fanfiction.net or a bribed
Daria fanfic site near you. Thank You and turn this computer off, you're going
blind!!
