SONYA
by Mitch
wells17@gte.net

     It was pretty late in the day.  Jodie just couldn't bring
herself to talk to Jane.  She was too busy rushing past Jane
and going inside the school.  She noticed that she had been
crying along the way.  Was thinking about Mack bothering
her...-that- much?  She tried not to think about it.  She
walked down the hallway while trying to wipe away her tears
when she ran into someone...
     "OUCH!  Watch it!" shouted Jodie.  "Uh, sorry."  Jodie
looked at the girl she just bumped into.  She was about her own
height and age.  It was a very pretty girl with hair of golden
locks, blue eyes, a modest white top and an even more modest
skirt.  A rather confused look was on the mysterious girl's face.
"-sigh-Look, I'm sorry.  I'm not usually so...harsh..."  "That's
alright.  I should have seen where I was going."  Jodie was glad
that the girl wasn't upset at her.  Of course, -that- made Jodie
even -more- upset at herself for acting like she did.  Jodie
started crying again and covered her face.  "You okay?" the girl
asked.  "I'm...fine.  I just..."  Jodie started crying even more.
"Look, you're obviously upset about something.  Look, I'll buy
you a Coke and you can tell me about it if... you feel like it."
Jodie looked at the girl and sniffled.  She figured that maybe it
would make her feel better to talk to someone.
      In the cafeteria, the mystery girl got Jodie a Coke from
the machine.  Jodie had calmed down some more now.
"Thanks...uh..."  "Sonya," said the girl.  "Call me Sonya."
Jodie took a swig of her drink and looked Sonya, who had been
looking concerned for her the whole time.  Jodie, who was usually
more into making friends with strangers then Daria and Jane (who,
ironically, -were- her friends), decided to tell Sonya her
problems.
     "Well, Sonya, it has to do with my bo...-steady date-, Mack,
the captain of the football team.-sniff-He was going to take me
somewhere this afternoon, but he called it off at the last minute
to talk with Kevin, the quarterback.  That's...the -fourth- time
he's canceled on me of late!  I'm...beginning to think he cares
more about his team than...me."  Jodie was sobbing again,
wondering why she was embarrassing herself like this.  Then,
Sonya patted her shoulder.  "Have you...talked to him about
this?"  "Well, no."  "Well, why don't you?"  "I'm...afraid he
won't listen to me."  "Look, if you don't tell him, he won't know
that this is bothering you.  Now, go to him, okay?"
"Al...Alright."  Jodie started to leave, but stopped herself.
"Sonya, could you come with me?"  Sonya looked like she was
thinking it over.  "Uh, sure."
-----
     Jane had looked over almost the entire high school by now
and she -still- couldn't find Daria!  Jane knew Daria would tell
her if she had to be at home or anything.  Then, Jane spotted 
Jodie rushing down the hall with...-Sonya-?!  Jane knew something
must have gone wrong today...
-----
     Jodie was feeling better now.  She couldn't figure out why
she was so not herself earlier.  Maybe this was an off day for
her or maybe...she enjoyed Mack's company more than she realized.
Jodie figured she should save the soul searching for later and
get back into "Jodie mode".  She was with Sonya near the Tommy
Sheridan Memorial Goalpost.  Jodie couldn't believe that whoever
named it couldn't spell the name "Sherman".  Well, it was time to
let go of the past, anyway.  Mack had finally spotted them and
walked over.  He looked a little nervous.  "Uh, Jodie, hi.  Uh,
about this afternoon..."  "Mack, look, I'm hurt, okay?  I think
you've been ignoring me a little -too- much lately.  So, from now
on, I think you should be a -little- more appreciative of me,
okay?"  "I've...been ignoring you?"  "Well, what else do you call
canceling four dates?"  "Well, I thought you were 'lending' me
some time for football.  I didn't think it was bothering you so
much."  "You didn't?"  "No.  I'd find time for us if I knew.
Look, I'll cancel my talk with Kevin and we can hit a movie,
okay?"  "Sounds like a cheep way out but...okay."  "Great, I'll
have tell the coach, though.  By the way, who's your friend?"
"Oh, Mack, this is Sonya."  Mack and Sonya shook hands before he
left.  Suddenly, Jane arrived.  "Hey Jodie.  Hi Sonya."  "Hey
Jane," said Sonya.  Jodie was confused.  "You two know each
other?"  "We met last week," explained Jane.  "I'm more surprised
that -you- happen to know each other."  "Well," Jodie explained,
"We kind of ran into each other and..."  "Ah, say no more.  Say
Jodie, have you seen Daria?"  "Uh, no I haven't.  I would think
-you- would know."  "Ah, I'm sure she'll turn up.  Catch you two
later.  "'Bye Jane."  "See'ya, Jane."
     After Jane left, Sonya turned to Jodie.  "Say Jodie, who's
Daria?"  "You know Jane and you -don't- know Daria?"  "She's
mentioned her to me but I haven't met her.  I guess I see Jane
when Daria -isn't- around.  What's she like?"  "Well she's...hard
to describe...I always saw her as a sarcastic loner but she's
smart and a lot nicer than some people give her credit for.
Daria's a good friend."  Mack showed up with his car keys.
"Well, I'll be in the car.  You can join me there," he said.
"Thanks."  When he left, Jodie turned to Sonya and hugged her.
"Thanks, Sonya.  You really helped me get through this."  "Well,
glad to help.  I'd best be going.  See you, Jodie."  Sonya walked
back toward the school...
-----
     Sonya went to the bathroom.  No one else was around since it
was so late.  Good.  She went to the sink and splashed cold water
on her face, removing her makeup and revealing her natural
colors.  She then removed the blue contacts from her eyes,
revealing her natural eye color.  Finally, she put her hair under
the faucet nozzle and washed all the blond dye out of it,
revealing her natural hair color.  She looked at herself and
noticed that her hair was still in locks.  I'll just tell whoever
that my hair got wet, she thought.  It would still be true.  She
hoped she had time to get to the girl's locked room at the gym to
change into a less fancy outfit she had stashed there.  She
reached into a hidden pocket, pulled out her glasses, and put them on.  
Daria Morgendorffer looked at herself in the mirror.
"Well, Sonya, the experiment is over, rest in peace..."  Then
Daria realized that Sonya could be useful in the future.