MATCH POINT

By M Man

(This is the first episode of the spinoff series "Stacy!")

The characters Jen Brock, Jack Rowe, Cheryl Rowe, Meghan Monaghan, Brig
Zellner and Dee Greene are my own.  The rest are carried over from MTV's
"Daria", as are the locales.

OPENING THEME - "Cunningham's Waltz" by SixMileBridge


Stacy!  "Match Point"


SEGMENT 1 OF "MATCH POINT"

(SCENE - Hallway at Lawndale High.  The Fashion Club - Stacy, Quinn, Tiffany
and Sandi - are walking down the hall together.)

Stacy:  Can you believe it?  We're *seniors* now!

Tiffany:  Yahhh.  Seniorrrs.

Sandi:  Like, we are going to *rule* this school!

Quinn:  (somewhat dubiously) Um, I don't know about that, Sandi.

Sandi:  Quinn, just because we dissolved the Fashion Club doesn't mean
we aren't still the cutest girls in the school!

Tiffany:  Yahhhh, the cutesssst ...

Sandi:  And we're going to be dating the hottest guys.  Like football
players.  Last year the quarterback and team captain were dating Brittany
Taylor and Jodie Landon, not *us*.  This year it's going to be different.

Stacy:  Uh, Quinn, weren't you sort of going steady with Jamie White
this summer?

Quinn:  Uh, not really, just sort of ...

Tiffany:  I thoughhht Quinnn was datingg Joeyyy ...

Sandi:  Joey *and* Jamie?   The captain *and* the quarterback?

Quinn:  Well, Jamie more than Joey ... and sometimes Jeffy ...

Sandi:  The starting halfback *too*?  I think we should have a quick meeting
after our last class today ...

Quinn:  Um, Sandi, you can't just call meetings anymore ... *Remember*?

Stacy:  ... Um, Sandi ...

Sandi:  Yes, Stacy?

Stacy:  I can't come right after class, anyway.  I have practice, remember?

Sandi:  Well, OK.  I just hope this volleyball thingie isn't going to
cause you to abandon your friends.

Stacy:  (somewhat worried)  Um, of course not, Sandi.

(SCENE - Locker room at Lawndale High.  Stacy in her shorts and sweat top,
dressing for volleyball practice - Stacy is pulling on her socks and then
putting on her shoes as the following conversation unfolds.

Jen Brock, another volleyball player, walks up to Stacy.  Jen is about
4 inches shorter than Stacy, has short blonde hair, is somewhat stocky (she
"looks like a jock") and has a tough but not the least bit unfriendly way
of talking, and a quick grin.)

Jen:  Hey, Rowe, glad ya made the team! (big grin)

(Jen holds up her hand for a "high five".  Stacy gives her one, somewhat
timidly.)

Stacy: (a little nervous)  Um, thanks, Jenna.

Jen:  Just "Jen".  I didn't see you makin' varsity when ya first showed up
at that summer rec league.

Stacy:  I *was* pretty awful, wasn't I?  I played intramural volleyball in
seventh and eight grades and I thought I was pretty good, but I haven't
played since then, except in gym class.

Jen:  Why not?  You coulda gone out for the team in ninth grade.

Stacy:  Um, someone talked me out of it...

Jen:  Ya mean, those Fashion Girls?

Stacy:  Yeah.  The Fashion Club.  We broke up, uh, sorta.  We all still
hang around together.

Jen:  Hey, no skin off my nose.  Not my kinda thing, though.  Hey, Stace -
ya got pretty good by the end of the summer!

Stacy:  Yeah, I did OK.  I'm still surprised I made varsity, though.

(She's finished dressing and stands up.)

Jen:  I'm not. (big grin)

Stacy: (smiles)  Um, thanks.

(They leave the locker room.)

(SCENE - Lawndale gym - volleyball practice.  The girls are lined up for
bump-set-spike practice.  We see Jen spike the ball, then Stacy right
behind her.  Both spike it well.)

Jen:  Atta way, Stace!

(Watching are the head coach Deana "Dee" Greene and assistant coach Janet
Barch.  Coach Greene is quite tall, about 30, has shortish brown hair and
a no-nonsense, low-key manner.)

Greene:  What do you think of Rowe, Janet?

Barch:  Well, I don't think she's ready to start a match.  Now if she could
get her mind off *males* ...

Greene:  She's almost good enough to start.  I wish she'd gone out for
volleyball the last three years.  She might be one of the best players on the
team by now.  But I think she'll see a lot of playing time this season.

(Now coach Greene blows her whistle.  The players look at her.)

OK, serving practice!

(The players quickly shift into formation for serving practice.  Stacy's
the first and hits a few good serves.)

Greene:  (to Barch)  Can that Rowe girl serve a volleyball!  I just wish the
rest of her game was stronger.

(SCENE - back in the locker room.  Stacy and Jen finishing dressing - back
into street clothes.)

Jen:  Hey, Stace, ya did good! 

Stacy:  Thanks.

Jen:  I'm kinda surprised you're not startin' against Oakwood.

Stacy:  Me?  Starting?  I barely made the team.

Jen:  I think ya did better than that.  Anyway, Stace ...

Stacy:  Um, Jen, why do you call me "Stace" instead of "Stacy".

Jen:  (big grin)  Sorry.  Habit of mine.  I only use one-syllable names.
I could try to call ya "Stacy", but I'd be callin' ya "Stace" again in
five minutes.  If ya'd rather be called "Rowe" ...

Stacy:  No.  That's OK.  I guess I'll be "Stace" for volleyball and "Stacy"
everywhere else.

Jen: (big grin)  Well, there ya go!

(Gets up to leave.)

See ya, Stace!

Stacy:  'Bye, Jen.

(SCENE - Sandi, Stacy, Tiffany and Quinn in Sandi's bedroom. )

Sandi:  OK, then it's settled.  We're all going to the football game
Saturday afternoon.  Then to Pizza King after the game.  Anything else
we need to decide for the weekend?

Stacy:  Uh, my first volleyball game is Friday night.  I'd appreciate
it if you'd all come to root us on.

Sandi:  (bristling)  Uh, Stacy, don't they, like, have cheerleaders to do
that sort of thing ... ?

Quinn:  Come on, Sandi.  Stacy's our friend.  We can watch her play
volleyball.

Tiffany:  Good poinnt, Quinnn.

(all look expectantly at Sandi)

Sandi:  Well ... OK.

Stacy:  (to all three)  Thanks.

(SCENE - Doorway of Griffin residence.  Stacy, Tiffany and Quinn are
lingering at the door before leaving after the meeting.)

Stacy:  See you in school tomorrow.  Quinn, Tiffany, are you coming?

Sandi:  Go ahead with Stacy, Tiffany.  I need to talk with Quinn a moment.

(Stacy and Tiffany walk down the sidewalk together.)

Quinn:  What is it, Sandi?

Sandi:  Uh, Quinn, what do you think of Stacy playing volleyball?

Quinn:  I surprised she did it.  But she still has time for her friends.
It's not like one extracurricular activity takes all your time ...

Sandi:  Like pep squad?

Quinn:  Um, I haven't joined yet, Sandi.

Sandi:  But you're thinking about it, aren't you?

Quinn (defensively):  Yeah.

Sandi:  Quinn, that's going to take up a lot of time.   I thought we
agreed that breaking up the Fashion Club was *not* going to interfere
with our friendship ...

Quinn:  Sandi, that's what you said when Tiffany started taking pictures
for the yearbook.

Sandi (bristling):  It hasn't taken much of Tiffany's time because that photo
editor or whatever insists on doing it all himself.  Which suits *me* just
fine!

Quinn:  Stacy's not going to quit volleyball, Sandi.  Anyway, it's just for
the fall sport season.  I think we should go to her games.

Sandi (smirking):  Yeah.  Wouldn't it just be too, too bad if she makes a
complete fool of herself in some game and we all got a good laugh out of it.

Quinn:  (angry)  Sandi, that's just mean!  I hope you don't really mean that!

(Quinn turns and leaves.  Sandi watches her leave.  Sandi looks angry at
first, but then looks worried and slightly fearful.)


END OF SEGMENT 1 OF "MATCH POINT"

(Commercial.)

Hello, this is Daria Morgendorffer.  I'm not a real cartoon character, but
I used to play one on television.

I want to wish Stacy's new spinoff series good luck.  If you remember, I'm a
spinoff chick myself. Hmmm, I wonder why Beavis and Butthead never did this 
sort of thing for me.  But then Stacy's popular and I'm not - damn high school
pecking order.

Anyway, I hope you're enjoying "Match Point", in which Stacy proves she'll put 
more effort into volleyball in her own series than she ever did in the opening 
credits of mine - damn rah-rah school spirit.

(End of Commercial)

SEGMENT 2 OF "MATCH POINT"

(SCENE - Lawndale High gym.  Volleyball practice is in progress.  The
players, Stacy and Jen among them, are lined up on both sides of the net
bumping volleyballs back and forth.

A few people are watching practice in the bleachers.  One of them is
Brig Zellner, a tall, lanky, athletic boy with tousled brown hair.  He
seems to be watching Stacy.)

Coach Greene: (blows whistle)  OK, that's it for today.  See you all
tomorrow!

(The players pick up the volleyballs and start heading for the locker
room.  Brig comes down from the stands and walks up to Stacy.)

Brig:  Hi.  You're new on the team, aren't you?

Stacy:  (smiling)  Uh, yeah.  I'm Stacy.

Brig:  (smiling)  Brig.  I'm on the cross-country team.

Stacy: (smiling back, with a hint of flirtatiousness)  Well, I'll have to
check out some cross-country meets.

Brig:  Next Tuesday we open against Cumberland.  Right after school.

Stacy:  Great, I'll be ... oh, no, I have volleyball practice then.

Brig:  Well, that's OK.  I can come to your volleyball games ...

(Jen has walked up to the two of them.)

Jen:  C'mon, Stace.

Stacy (smiling):  Thanks, Brig!   See you!

(Brig leaves.  Stacy and Jen walk into the locker room.)

Jen:  Wow, Stace!  I could feel the heat in that conversation!

Stacy:  Uh, Jen, why do you care who I flirt with?

Jen:  I'm a little surprised Brig's flirting with anyone.  He just broke up
with his girlfriend.  He took it pretty hard.

(They sit on the bench in the locker room and start taking their socks off.)

Stacy:  He took what pretty hard?

Jen:  You didn't hear?

Stacy:  No.  Who is, uh, *was* his girlfriend?

Jen:  Meghan Monaghan.

Stacy:  Redhead, right?  I don't really know her...

Jen:  Well, these two go way back.  They were holdin' hands in, like, fourth
grade.  About a month ago he found her cheatin' on him.  "Doin' it" with some
college guy when her parents were away.  I guess he walked right in on them.
I heard he didn't say a word, he just walked away.  And he hasn't said a word
to her since then.

Stacy:  (eyes wide)  Wow.

Jen:  Just so ya know what you're gettin' into.

Stacy:  Uh, Jen, I just talked to him once.

Jen:  I got a feelin' it won't be the last time. (big grin)

(SCENE - Kitchen at Rowe house.  Stacy is eating dinner with her parents
Jack and Cheryl.  Jack, age 45, has black hair with slightly gray sideburns
and is wearing a dress shirt and tie.  Cheryl is 41 and looks a bit like
Stacy.  She has a perpetually disapproving expression.)

Stacy:  So you're coming to the match Friday night?

Cheryl:  I don't know, Stacy.  I'm regretting we let you play at all ...

Jack:  Now, Cheryl, we agreed ...

Cheryl:  What if you get hurt like you did in eighth grade?

Stacy:  Mom!  I sprained an ankle!  Once!  It was no big deal!

Jack:  What your mother means, Stacy, ...

Stacy:  (sigh)  So you're not coming?

Cheryl:  Well, Stacy ...

(The phone rings.  Jack picks it up.)

Jack:  Hello? (pause).  Yeah, she's here. (to Stacy)  Stacy, it's for you.
Some boy named Brig.

Stacy:  (excited)  I'll take in my room.  (She runs out of the kitchen.)

Cheryl:  Stacy!  Don't run!  You might ....

(sigh)  Why do I bother?

(SCENE - Stacy's bedroom.  Talking on the phone to Brig.)

Stacy:  Sure, Brig, that'll be fine.  Great.  See you then.

(Stacy hangs up the phone and smiles.)

(SCENE - Stacy and Brig in a movie theater.  They're watching the movie
and sharing popcorn.  Brig puts his arm around Stacy's shoulders.  Stacy
smiles and leans slightly into him.)

(SCENE - Lawndale High locker room.  Stacy and Jen dressing for practice.)

Jen:  So, I heard about your big date with Brig.

Stacy:  Uh, yeah.  Who told you?

Jen:  Word gets around.  Lotsa people in that movie theater.  That's not all
I heard, either.

Stacy (blushing slightly):  Oh, yeah?

Jen: (big grin) I heard you two parked in front of his house and steamed up
the windows of his car.

Stacy (blushing bright red):  If Brig's going to be the kiss-and-tell type ...

Jen:  Not Brig.  You were seen.  It's a public street, Stace. (pause and
bigger grin.)  Hey, I made ya blush, huh?

Stacy (blushing even more):  Stop it, Jen!  So we made out!  So what?  That's
*all* we did!

Jen:  Did I say otherwise?  I know the routine, I've steamed up a few
windows myself.  More power to ya, Stace, that Brig's a hotty.  Just watch
your back.

Stacy (blush fading):  Uh, what do you mean?

Jen:  I mean Meg.  His old girlfriend.  If I heard about it, she heard
about it.

Stacy:  So what?  They broke up over a month ago!  Right?!

Jen:  Just watch your back, Stace.

(SCENE - Pizza King.  Stacy and Jen eating pizza at a booth. )

Stacy:  So you play sports all year 'round?

Jen:  Been doin' it since I can remember.  Volleyball in the fall,
basketball in the winter, softball in the spring.  Plus summer leagues.
I got five older brothers ...

Stacy:  ... five?! ....

Jen:  Yeah.  The two oldest are playin' double-A baseball - that's minor
leagues, a coupla steps from the majors.  The other three are all in college
on athletic scholarships.  It kinda runs in the family.

Stacy:  I guess so.  I'm an only child.  My Dad plays golf.  That's about
it for sports in my family.

Jen:  I can't imagine bein' an only child ...

(Jen looks at the door to the restaurant.)

Hey, Stace, aren't those your fashion friends?

(Sandi, Quinn and Tiffany are walking into Pizza King.  Sandi spots Stacy
and they all walk over.)

Sandi:  Well, hello, Stacy.  Are you going to introduce us to this person?

Stacy:  Uh, yeah.  Sandi Griffin, this is Jen Brock.  Jen, this is
Quinn Morgendorffer and Tiffany Blum-Deckler.

Jen (stands up and shakes hands with each one):  Good to meet ya.  
(Jen sits back down).

Sandi:  Um, Jen, like, aren't you a junior?

Jen (big grin):  That's right, Griff.

Sandi:  Uh .... (she's gulping, her eyes wide at being called "Griff",
but disarmed by Jen's directness.)

Quinn:  You play volleyball with Stacy, don't you, Jen?

Jen:  Yep.  Are you three comin' to watch Friday?  It's against Oakwood.
They've won the Tri-County League four years runnin' but I think they're
beatable this year.

Tiffany:  Oh, yeahhh.  We're going to be there.

Jen:  Great, Tiff!  See ya there!

Quinn:  'Bye, Jen.  See you, Stacy.  (They leave.  Sandi still appears to
be in shock from being called "Griff").

Stacy (smiling):  "Griff".  That's good.  Nobody's ever called her *that*
before.  Though I remember a little kid once calling her a "mean old witch".

Jen:  She rubs me the wrong way, Stace.  She asked if I was a junior like
she was askin' if I was a serial killer.

Stacy:  She thinks that since we're all seniors, we shouldn't hang out with
anyone else.

Jen:  Like I said.  She rubs me the wrong way.



END OF SEGMENT 2 OF "MATCH POINT"

(Commercial)

(Quinn, Sandi and Tiffany sitting on a sofa.)

Quinn:  Hi, everybody!  The three of us hope you like this new series about our friend
Stacy ...

Sandi (scowling):  ... who's not here because she's too good for the rest of us, being a big 
tough jock-chick now ...

Quinn:  Sandi!  That's not true!  

Sandi:  Oh?  Where is she then?

Quinn (defensively):  Uh, she's at volleyball pratice ...

Sandi:  Q. E. B.!

Quinn:  That's "D", Sandi.

Sandi:  You're a brain, Stacy's a jock, what's the world coming to?

Tiffany:  Does this dresss make meee loook tooo skinnyyy?

(Quinn and Sandi both gape at Tifanny in surprise.)

Tiffany:  Jussst kiddinggg!!  Anywayyy, Gooo Lionnss!! Beatt Oakwoodd!!  Now
back tooo "Match Point"!

(End of commercial)

SEGMENT 3 OF "MATCH POINT"

(SCENE - Stacy and Jen leaving Pizza King, walking into the sidewalk.)

Jen:  You shoulda been on the team last year, Stace!  This one night we beat
Cumberland somethin' like fifteen-two, fifteen-three and after the game ...

(They stop as they encounter Meghan Monaghan.  Meghan has medium-length red
hair, an hourglass figure, and a furious look on her face.)

Meghan (angrily):  Are you Stacy Rowe?!

Stacy (taken aback):  Uh, yes...

Meghan:  I'm Meghan Monaghan!

Jen:  Back off, Meg ...

Meghan:  This is between Rowe and me, Brock!  (to Stacy)  You stay away
from Brig, you little fashion freako!  ...

(Meghan shoves Stacy backward.  Stacy looks terrified.)

Jen: (stepping in between Stacy and Meghan) That's enough, Meg ...

Meghan:  I wasn't talking to you!!!

(Meghan tries to push Jen away.  Jen grabs Meghan's wrist and twists her
arm around behind her back.  Meghan grimaces in pain.)

Meghan:  Owww!  Let go of me!

Jen (with deliberately exaggerated calmmess):  I oughta break your arm, Meg.
Brig shoulda done that to ya for cheatin' on him.  But Brig wouldn't do that,
'cause he's a gentleman.  I'm a girl, so I don't hafta act like a gentleman.

(Jen twists Meghan's arm higher.  Meghan is forced to her knees, her face
contorted in pain.)

Meghan (crying):  Owww!!

Jen:  Stay away from Stace, here.  Stay away from Brig.  Stay away from me.
I'm not askin' ya,  I'm tellin' ya.  Now get lost, Meg.

(Jen releases Meghan with a push.  Meghan scrambles to her feet, rubbing her
arm, stares angrily for a moment, then runs away.)

Jen:  Like I told ya, Stace.  Watch your back.

Stacy (frightened and hypervertilating):  Th-thanks, Jen.  I'm shaking like
a leaf.  I've never been in a fight.

Jen:  My brothers taught me some boxing moves.  I may have to teach you.

Stacy (still shaking):  Boxing?  Oh, great ...

Jen (looking closely at Stacy):  Hey, Stace!  Slow down, take a few deep
breaths.

(Stacy does so.)

That's better.  When Meg showed up, first ya held your breath, then ya
started breathing fast and shallow-like.  That's bad.  When you're in a
tough situation, breathe slow and deep.

(Stacy breathes slower and deeper.)

Yeah, like that.  Feel better?

Stacy:  Yeah, thanks, Jen.  That helps.  

(Stacy takes a few more deep breaths.)

Stacy (still shaking but trying to be humorous):  Maybe I should get into a
12-step program for wimpy chicks?

Jen (laughs):  Nahhh.  You'll be OK.  But watch out for Meg, she's a nasty
one.  Keep breathin' deep, Stace!


(SCENE - Lawndale High gym - packed with spectators for the Oakwood-Lawndale
volleyball match.  Jen and Stacy in line for a spiking drill, waiting their
turn.)

Jen (looking at the crowd):  Wow!  I don't think we've ever packed this place
for a volleyball match before!  Everyone wants to see us beat Oakwood!

Stacy (near panic):  Oh, no, I'll be so nervous if I get in the game!

Jen:  Easy, Stace.  Remember what I told ya about breathin' deep.

(Jen's turn arrives.  She spikes the ball over the net.  Stacy, following,
spikes hers into the net.  She sags and sighs.)

(SCENE - Quinn, Tiffany and Sandi sitting in the stands.)

Tiffany:  Wowww!  Look at all the peopllle.

Quinn:  Yeah.  Hey, look!  There's Stacy!  (she waves.)  She didn't see me.

Sandi:  Um, Quinn.  She's concentrating on the game.  (bitterly)  She has
more important things in her life than *us* now.

(SCENE - The whole volleyball team gathered around Coach Greene for last-
minute instructions.  Stacy glances up at the crowd.  She briefly spots her
parents - Jack is waving, Cheryl looks worried - but she quickly focuses on
Brig Zellner, two rows behind her parents.  She flashes him a quick smile,
and he smiles back.

The team breaks the huddle shouting "Go, Lions!!" in unison.  The starters,
including Jen, get into position on the floor.  The substitutes, including
Stacy, sit down in the front row of the bleachers along with Coach Greene
and Coach Barch.

Then a montage of the first game of the match - serving, setting, spiking,
all of it going in Oakwood's favor.  The montage includes shots of the
scoreboard reading LIONS 0, VISITORS 4  -   then LIONS 2, VISITORS 10, then
LIONS 4, VISITORS 14.)

Coach Greene:  Rowe!  Go in for Brock!

(Stacy looked surprised for a second, then quickly reports into the game as
Jen comes out.)

Coach Greene (to Jen):  You're getting winded.  I want to rest you for the
rest of the match.

(Jen, who is winded, nods and gasps for air.)

(On the court, an Oakwood player serves.  The ball isn't too difficult to
handle, but Stacy nervously bumps it out-of-bounds, and the referee signals
that Oakwood has won the first game.  Stacy looks dejected.  The scoreboard
reads LIONS 4, VISITORS 15.)

(SCENE - in the stands - Sandi, Quinn and Tiffany.)

Sandi:  Is that it?  Stacy just lost us the game?

Quinn (annoyed):  It's best two-out-of-three, Sandi, and there were lots
of bad plays.  Stacy didn't lose the game by herself.

Sandi:  Hmmmpf.

Tiffany (stands up and shouts):  Let's gooo, Stacyy!!

(Quinn and Sandi look at her amazed; Tiffany isn't usually so enthusiastic.)

(SCENE - the team breaking huddle again, this time with "Let's Go, Team!!".
Again Jen is on the floor, Stacy on the bench.

This time the montage shows Jen serving several good points and the
scoreboard shows Lawndale leading 3-0.  The montage continues with the
run of play evenly balanced - the scoreboard shows Oakwood leading 5-4,
Lawndale leading 10-8, finally Lawndale leading 14-13.  Finally Jen sets
up a spike for another player and Lawndale wins the second game 15-13.
Stacy doesn't play in the second game.

We see the Lawndale fans cheering lustily, including Brig, Quinn, Tiffany
and Jack Rowe.  Cheryl Rowe looks subdued, and Sandi claps mechanically but
looks stone-faced.

The team breaks huddle again, this time shouting "Lawndale Rules!!"  And
again Jen is on the floor and Stacy is on the bench.

Again a montage of plays with Jen frequently making good plays but the
score staying close.  3-2 Lawndale, 6-4 Oakwood, 9-8 Lawndale, then
13-11 Oakwood.  At 13-11, an Oakwood girl serves the ball straight at Jen.
The ball dips sharply and Jen hits the floor trying to keep it in play.  She
fails and goes down holding her ankle.  The referee signals for the coaches
to come onto the floor.  Coaches Greene and Barch and the players surround
Jen.)

Greene:  You OK, Brock?

Jen:  Help me stand up.

(Coach Barch and a player help Jen stand.  She grimaces sharply when she
tries to put weight on the foot.)

Jen:  Owww!!  I think it's sprained!

(Barch and the player help Jen back to the bench.)

Referee (to Greene):  We need another player in there, Coach!

(Coach Greene looks down the bench.)

Greene:  Rowe!  You're in!

Jen (still grimacing with pain):  Stace!  Remember what I told ya!

(Stacy enters the game, looking nervous but obviously forcing herself to
breathe deeply.  The scoreboard shows LIONS 11, VISITORS 14.)

An Oakwood girl serves, and the ball comes to Stacy.  Stacy looks nervous,
but she bumps the ball toward the net, another player sets it, and another
spikes it for a winner.)

Coach Greene:  All right!  Side out!  Keep it up!

(It's now Stacy's turn to serve.  When she gets the ball she looks at bit
surprised that it's her turn, but takes a deep breath.)

Coach Greene (to Barch):  That's why I put her in there.  So she'd be next
to serve.

(SCENE - Sandi, Stacy and Tiffany in the stands.)

Sandi:  It's match point for Oakwood, isn't it?

Quinn:  C'mon, Stacy!!  You can do it!!

Tiffany:  Go, Stacy!!

(Back on the floor, Stacy hits her first serve.  It crosses the net low and
hard - two Oakwood players dive for it, but it hits the floor between them.

The scoreboard shows  LIONS 12,  VISITORS 14.

Crowd shot with everyone on their feet cheering.  Brig is whistling with
two fingers in his mouth.

Stacy serves again.  This one is bumped, set, and spiked, but a Lawndale
player at the net blocks it back into the Oakwood side.  It hits the floor
and the scoreboard reads  LIONS 13, VISITORS 14.

Crowd shot of Jack Rowe with both fists clenched, urging his daughter on.
Cheryl is wide-eyed and fearful.

Stacy serves again, deep into a corner.  An Oakwood player just gets her
fingertips on it but only deflects it out of bounds.  The scoreboard shows
LIONS 14, VISITORS 14.   Oakwood calls a time-out and both teams confer
with their coaches.)

(Sandi, Quinn and Tiffany in the stands.)

Sandi:  So the next point wins it?

Quinn:  Sandi, we played this in gym class.  Somebody has to win by at least
two points.

Sandi:  Stacy will probably blow it now.

Quinn (angry):  Sandi, the Oakwood fans sit on the other side of the gym!

Tiffany (glaring):  Yeahh, Sandii.

(Sandi glares at both of them.)

(The players break huddle again.  Stacy heads out to serve.)

Jen (on the bench, her ankle wrapped and extended);  You can do it, Stace!!

(Stacy takes several deep breaths and serves again.  The ball is not
successfully set up for a spike and an Oakwood player bloops it defensively
into the Lawndale backcourt, to Stacy.  Stacy bumps the ball toward the net
and another girl fakes a spike and then hits a drop shot into an open space
on the Oakwood side.

The scoreboard reads  LIONS 15, VISITORS 14.

Crowd shot.  Everyone on their feet, cheering.)

Jen (on the bench):  Match point, Stace!!  You got it!! You got it!!

(In slow motion, Stacy takes a deep breath and serves.  The ball goes deep
down the sideline, out of reach of any Oakwood player, and catches both
the sideline and the back line.  The referee signals that the ball is
in-bounds, and that the match is over.  End of slow-motion sequence.

The scoreboard shows LIONS 16, VISITORS 14.

The players on the floor and the bench rush out to surround Stacy.  Jen,
of course, limps.  Stacy looks happy, but like she's in a trance.

In the stands, Brig is smiling and clapping.  Jack is shouting "that's my
girl!".  Cheryl looks at least mildly happy.

Then we see Sandi, Tiffany and Quinn.)

Sandi:  Well, *I* always knew she could do it.  I don't know why you two
had no confidence in her.

(Sandi starts walking down the bleachers to the floor.  Quinn and Tiffany
look at each other, completely amazed at what Sandi just said.)

Quinn (sarcastic):  Uh, right, Sandi.  I don't know what we were thinking.

(Quinn and Tiffany follow Sandi down the bleachers.)

(An overhead shot of the gym, with fans now slowly streaming onto the court,
joining the players congratulating Stacy.

Then we see a closeup of Stacy, surrounded by people, smiling into the
stands.  Then a cut to Brig, in the stands, smiling back.  Then a cut back
to Stacy, smiling at Brig, then looking around her and smiling at Jen.
The last scene fades out with Stacy smiling and the scoreboard behind her
showing the final 16-14 score.)


END OF SEGMENT 3 - END OF FANFIC "MATCH POINT"

Alter-egos (all female-sport-oriented this episode):

Stacy as a football player, catching a pass.

Quinn as a golfer, pumping her fist like Tiger Woods.

Sandi as a baseball player, sliding into a base.

Tiffany as a hockey goalie.

Meghan as a power-lifter, holding a barbell over her head.

Jen as a Highland athlete, lifting a caber.

Barch releasing a bowling ball.

Cheryl as a figure-skater.

Dee Greene in a martial arts uniform, in a karate stance.


CLOSING THEME - "We Are the Champions" by Queen.

I've paid my dues 
Time after time 
I've done my sentence
But committed no crime 
And bad mistakes
I've made a few
I've had my share of sand kicked in my face 
But I've come through

We are the champions - my friends
And we'll keep on fighting - till the end 
We are the champions 
We are the champions
No time for losers
'Cause we are the champions - of the world 

*****

NOTES

Thanks to beta-readers Firah and Corvus Marinus.

A snippet of "Cunningham's Waltz" can be heard at 
http://www.loosegoose.com/6mb/html/sound_clips.html.
SixMileBridge, unfortunately, broke up in the middle of 2001.  However, I
can recommend the music of the Maggie Drennon Band, a follow-on group with
several members of SixMileBridge.

*****

Please e-mail (mman37x@cs.com) your reactions to this fanfic.

As always, fan-artists are strongly encouraged to draw pictures based on this
fanfic.
