AFTER A FASHION

By M Man

(This is the third episode of the spinoff series "Stacy!")

The characters Jack Rowe, Jen Brock, Toby Sherman, LaTonya Willis and Laura
Kelley are my own.  The rest are carried over from MTV's "Daria", as are the
locales.

OPENING THEME - "Cunningham's Waltz" by SixMileBridge


Stacy!  "After a Fashion"


SEGMENT 1 OF "AFTER A FASHION"

(SCENE - Pizza King in downtown Lawndale.  Stacy, Sandi, Tiffany and Quinn
are sitting at a booth, eating pizza.)

Quinn and Stacy (simultaneously):  I have an announcement to make ...

(They stop and look at each other.)

Stacy:  Uh, you first ...

Quinn:  No, you ...

Stacy:  No, go ahead, Quinn ...

Sandi:  Enough arguing!  We'll do this alphabetically - you go, Quinn.

Quinn:  I've, uh, joined the pom-pom squad ...

(The other girls look surprised.)

Quinn:  Gee, don't all congratulate me at once ...

Tiffany:  We'rrre jussst kinnnd of surprisssed, Quinnnn ...

Sandi:  Yeah, like, do they usually accept new members this late in the
school year?  And what happened to you joining the pep squad?

Quinn:  Um, actually, they're so short of members this year they were going
to dissolve if they couldn't find a few new members.  The pep squad has
enough members ...

Stacy:  Why are they having trouble finding members?

Quinn (uncomfortably):  Um, because so many girls are going out for sports
now ...

Sandi:  Gee, we don't know anyone like that, do we?

Stacy:  Sandi, those remarks are getting *really* old ...

Sandi:  Gee, Stacy, are you so sensitive you can't take a little friendly
teasing ... ?

Quinn (butting in to stop Stacy and Sandi from arguing):  Stacy, what was
your announcement?

Stacy:  Well, I'm starting the next volleyball match!

Quinn:  Stacy, that's great!

Tiffany:  Reallyyyy ...

Stacy:  Unfortunately, it's probably just this match.  We have two players
out sick with the flu, and yesterday in practice LaTonya Willis twisted her
ankle.  I probably won't start next week when they're all back.  Anyway,
it's a home game, so I hope you can all come.

Quinn:  Well, the pom-pom squad's going to be there anyway ...

Sandi:  Just Tiffany and me in the bleachers?

Stacy:  Sandi, if you don't *want* to come ...

Sandi:  Oh, I'll be there.  You starting a volleyball game, and Quinn
becoming a pom-pom girl.  I wouldn't miss it.  Have you seen your uniform
yet, Quinn?  With those cutesy little ankle socks?  So geeky ...

(Quinn looks uncomfortable.)

(SCENE - At the volleyball match.  Quinn and the other pom-pom girls are
lined up in two rows to form a "funnel" for the volleyball players as they
come out of the locker room.  The girls' uniforms are blue sleeveless shirts
with "Lawndale Pom-Poms" written on the front in gold, blue short-shorts with
gold trim, white ankle socks and sneakers.

Watching the pom-pom girls with lustful expressions are two freshman boys
sitting in the front row of the bleachers.  One is Sandi's brother Sam.
The other, Toby, bears an uncanny resemblance to the late Tommy Sherman,
who happens to have been his brother.  Both are wearing Lawndale football
jerseys, but no pads like Kevin Thompson would.)

Toby:  Those pom-pom chicks are total *babes*!

Sam:  Yeah!

Toby:  See the one with the curly blonde hair?  Her name's Anita.  She's my
lab partner in science class.  I think she has the hots for me.

Sam:  Yeah, big deal, I know that redhead pretty well ...

Toby:  Huh?  Griffin, who are you trying to fool?  That's Quinn Morgendorffer.
She's a *senior*!  She's so far outta your league ...

Sam:  Hey, after the game's over we'll go talk to her.  You'll see.

Toby:  Yeah, right ...

(Now the pom-pom girls cheer as the volleyball team come out of the locker
room, led by Laura Kelley, followed by Jen Brock and Stacy.  The players
start going through their warm-up exercises.)

(SCENE - In the stands.  Sandi is sitting alone, an empty seat beside her.
Tiffany comes climbing up the bleachers toward Sandi.  Tiffany has a camera
around her neck.)

Sandi:  Well, Tiffany, it's about time!  I've saved a seat for you ...

Tiffany:  Uhhh, Sandiii, I won't be sittinnng with youuu.

Sandi (bristling):  What?

Tiffany:  I have to take picturrres for the yearboook ...

Sandi:  Why?  What happened to Percival .. ?

Tiffany:  ... Pernellll ....

Sandi: OK, *Pernell*!  I thought he gave himself all the big assignments ...

Tiffany:  Pernellll quit ...

Sandi:  He *quit*!?  Why?!

Tiffany:  He had a big argumennnt with Mr. DeMartinoooo.

Sandi:  So *you* have to do all the photos until they find a new photo editor?

Tiffany:  Sandiiii!  *I'm* the new photo editorrrr!  'Bye, I have to gooo...

(Sandi is left sitting by herself.   We see Jen and Stacy run onto the
gym floor as the starting lineups are announced.  The PA announcer is
Corey, of "Quinn the Brain" and other Daria episodes.)

Corey:  ... number eleven!  Jenna Brock!  Number fifteen!  Stacy Rowe!
And the captain, number twenty, Laura "Killer" Kelley!

(Cut to quick shots of Quinn waving her pom-poms, and of Tiffany snapping
pictures with her camera.

Sandi, looking unhappy and angry, gets up from her seat in the bleachers
and begins pushing past people to get to the floor.  She walks out of the
gym.)


(SCENE - We see a long shot of Sandi exiting the school building.  We can
still hear sounds from the volleyball game.

Next we see a long shot of Sandi walking up the sidewalk to her house.

Sandi, still looking unhappy, walks into her bedroom at her house.  She sees
that someone has left a few pieces of mail for her laying on her bed.

She picks up "Waif" magazine, looks at it furiously, angrily rips it
apart, then starts to cry.

While we hear the sound of Sandi's crying continue, we see a montage of
scenes from the gym:  Stacy serving, Quinn waving pom-poms, Stacy digging
a low ball, Tiffany snapping a picture, Stacy high-fiving Jen after a
play.

Finally, we see an outside shot of the Griffin house.  There is only one
light on upstairs.  We continue to hear Sandi crying until the next scene.)

(SCENE - The game has ended.  Players, fans, pom-pom girls are all lingering
on the gym floor.  Stacy, Jen and Quinn are together, talking.)

Quinn:  Wow!  That was a close one!  At least you won!

Jen:  Yeah, Quinn, Central Carter wasn't s'pposed to give us much of a game,
but when you're missin' three starters ...  (Jen shrugs.)

Quinn:  Stacy did pretty good ...

Stacy (relieved):  Well, I didn't make an idiot of myself, anyway.

Jen:  Ya did good for yer first start, Stace.  Gotta work on those serve
returns, though.  They were startin' to pick on ya ...

Stacy (rolls her eyes):  I'm sure Coach will have me returning serves all
next week.  Anyway, Quinn, we've gotta get back to the locker room.  See
you later!

Quinn:  Yeah, 'bye, Stacy, 'bye, Jen!

(Jen and Stacy head for the locker room.  Sam and Toby walk up to Quinn.)

Sam:  Hey, Quinn!

Quinn:  Oh, hi, Sam!

Sam (somewhat suggestively):  You were lookin' good out there tonight,
Quinn ...

(Sam's suggestiveness goes over Quinn's head.)

Quinn:  Thanks, Sam!  Who's your friend?

Sam:  This is Toby, Toby Sherman.

Quinn:  Sherman?  You're not related to ... ?

Toby:  Yeah, Tommy Sherman was my brother.

Quinn:  Oh, I'm sorry!  I mean, about what happened to him ...

Toby:  Don't worry about it.  Mostly he just beat the crap outta me.

(Quinn looks shocked.  It sounds like Toby is glad his brother is dead.
Maybe he should be glad?)

Quinn (uneasily):  Uh, OK.  Sam, if you're looking for Sandi, I think she
left the game early...

Sam:  Naw, I'm not looking for Sandi.  Hey, Quinn ...

Quinn:  Uh, Sam, I have to go.  I'll see you later!

(Quinn leaves.)

Toby:  I see.  She's Sandi's friend.

Sam:  What's *that* supposed to mean?

Toby:  You only "know" her because she hangs out with your big sister.  Nice
try, Griffin.  Did she used to be your baby-sitter, too?

Sam:  Shut up, Sherman!  It's not like that at all!

(Anita walks up to Toby.)

Anita (brightly):  Hi, Toby!  What's going on?

Toby:  (to Sam, but leering at Anita)  See you later, Griffin.

(Toby walks away with Anita.  Sam looks across the rapidly-emptying gym,
sees Quinn talking with another pom-pom girl, and stares pensively.)

END OF SEGMENT 1 OF "AFTER A FASHION"





SEGMENT 2 OF "AFTER A FASHION"


(SCENE - Sandi walking by herself through the hallway at Lawndale High
School.  Her face still shows signs of last night's crying.)

Ms. Li:  Miss Griffin!

(Ms. Li is standing with Jodie's sister Rachel.  Rachel has a large folder
under her arm.  Sandi stops and turns to face them.)

Sandi:  Yes, Ms. Li?

Ms. Li:  Miss Griffin!  This is Rachel Landon ...

Rachel:  Hi, Sandi ...

Sandi:  Uh, like, you must be Jodie's sister.

Rachel:  Yes.

Ms. Li:  Miss Griffin!  Rachel is interested in joining the Fashion Club.

Sandi:  The Fashion Club?

Ms. Li:  Yes!  You *are* president of the Fashion Club, aren't you, Miss
Griffin?

Sandi:  Uh, Ms. Li, we sort of, like, disbanded the Fashion Club.

Ms. Li:  Nonsense!  You can't terminate an extracurricular activity without
filling out a form 29-A at the office!  Well, I'll leave you two alone to
discuss it!

(Ms. Li leaves.)

Rachel:  I've been working on some drawings.

Sandi:  Drawings?

Rachel:  Well, fashion designs.  I brought some with me ...

(Rachel opens the folder and presents it to Sandi.  Sandi looks at several
pictures, slowly and intently.)

Sandi:  Uh, Rachel, can I get back to you on this?

Rachel:  Sure, Sandi.

Sandi:  Can I take some of these pictures with me?

Rachel:  Sure.  OK.

(SCENE - Quinn walking down the school hallway.  Sam Griffin falls into step
with her.)

Sam:  Hi, Quinn!

Quinn:  Hi, Sam.  

Sam:  Yep.  Sooo ... Quinn, when are we going out?

Quinn:  What?

Sam:  We're both in high school.  We can date now.

Quinn (gently):  Sam, you're a freshman, I'm a senior.  You're ... you're 
Sandi's little brother.

Sam (defiantly):  Little?  I'm taller than *you* now.

Quinn:  You are *not* ... !

(Sam steps in front of Quinn so they're facing.  Quinn looks up at him.)

Quinn:  Oh, my Gawd!  You *are* taller!  (frowns and looks closer)  A 
*little* taller.

(They resume walking.)

Sam:  And I'm a football player.  You like to date football players ...

Quinn:  Uh, Sam, you're on the freshman squad, it's not the same thing.  Look, 
the freshman class has lots of reeeeally cute girls ...

(They come to a stop in front of Quinn's locker.)

Sam:  Not like you.  You're the cutest girl there is.

Quinn (blushing):  Er, um, Sam, that's really, really nice ...

Sam (smiling confidently):  You'll come around.  It'll just take some time.

Quinn (disarmed by Sam's forthrightness):  Um, uh ...

Sam:  'Bye, Quinn!

Quinn (uneasily):  Uh, 'bye, Sam.

(Tiffany walks up to Quinn's locker.)

Tiffany:  Uh, Quinnn, did Sammm say somethingg dirtyyy to youuu?  Yourr
faaace is allll reeed!

Quinn:  Uh, no, actually he said I'm really cute.

Tiffany:  Hmmmm.  I thinnnk he has a crushhh on youuu.

Quinn:  Duh, Tiffany, he always did.

(SCENE - In the lunchroom.  Sandi, Stacy, Quinn and Tiffany together.)

Sandi:  What would you say to getting the Fashion Club back together?

Stacy:  You're kidding!  No way!

Quinn:  I thought that was *over*!

Tiffany:  Yeahhh!!!

Sandi:  Officially, it never ended.  The Fashion Club charter is still on
file at the school office.  It's listed as an active club.

Quinn:  Charter?

Stacy:  What charter?

Sandi (from memory):  "To promote awareness of the field of fashion and
provide learning opportunities for students aiming toward future employment
in the fashion industry."

Stacy (puzzled):  We never did that.

Quinn:  Whatever!  It's over, Sandi.

Tiffany:  Yeahhh, overrr ...

Sandi:  Listen, I know that's not what we did, but what if we ... (hesitates)
I brought something for all of you to look at.

(Sandi pulls out Rachel's folder from beneath her chair and unfolds it on
the table.)

Quinn:  So that's what you've been dragging around all day!

(They all look at the drawings.)

Sandi:  Pretty good, aren't they?

Quinn:  Uh, yeah.  Who drew them?

Sandi:  Rachel Landon.  Jodie's sister.  She wants to be a fashion designer.

Stacy:  Wow!  I'd say she already is!  This is good stuff!

Tiffany:  Yeahhh ... This is, like, reallyyy originallll ....

Sandi:  So what do you say?  A new five-member Fashion Club?  Concentrating
on the fashion industry?

Quinn:  Uh, Sandi, I don't think so.

Stacy:  I don't really think I want to work in the fashion industry ...

Tiffany:  I reallyyy like photographyyy ...

Sandi:  Tiffany!  The fashion industry employs photographers!

Tiffany:  No, Sandiii.  The Fashion Club is overrr ...

(Sandi grabs the folder and angrily walks away, leaving her lunch tray
behind.  The other girls watch sadly as she leaves.)

(SCENE - Sandi at a secretary's desk, behind a glass window that reads
"Lawndale High School Administrative Office.  Angela Li, Principal".  The
secretary is typing on a computer.  She looks up and notices Sandi.  Sandi
looks depressed.)

Secretary:  Yes?  May I help you?   Do you wish to see Ms. Li?

Sandi:  Uh, no.  I just need a form.  Form 29-A ...

Secretary:  OK.

(She opens a desk drawer and pulls a form out of a folder.)

Secretary:  Here you go.

(She hands it to Sandi.)

Sandi:  Can I fill it out here?

Secretary:  Sure.  Use that desk.

(Sandi sits at the unused desk.  The top of the form reads "LHS Form 29-A
Termination of Extracurricular Activity."  Sandi fills in the blank labelled
"Name of Activity" with "Fashion Club."  Then she fills in the blank labelled
"Reason for Termination" with "Insufficient number of members".  A tear
falls from her eyes and lands on the form.  She takes a deep breath, closes
her eyes to fight back tears and writes in the date.  The secretary notices
Sandi crying.)

Secretary:  Are you all right?

Sandi (choking voice):  I'm fine!

(Sandi signs her name, gets up, puts the form on the secretary's desk, and
quickly leaves, still fighting back tears.)

(SCENE - Stacy and Jen in an exercise room.  Stacy is doing leg raises on
a Nautilus-type machine.  Her face shows the strain.)

Jen: C'mon, Stace!  Gimme one more rep!

Stacy:  Jen, I don't know about this ...

Jen:  This is what ya need, Stace!  It's not enough to stay skinny by
eatin' carrot sticks and crap like that.  Ya need to stay in shape ...

Stacy:  By the time I see results, volleyball season will be over.

Jen:  This isn't just about volleyball, Stace, this is ...

(They both go silent as Meg Monaghan walks in, eyes them both, sits down
at a stationary bicycle and begins pedalling.)

Meg:  Well, well.  Look who's here.

(Stacy looks scared.)

Jen:  Yeah, I'm lookin'.  It's makin' me sick.

Meg:  What's up, Rowe?  Still keeping my boyfriend warm until I decide to
take him back?

Jen:  Go to hell, Meg.

Meg:  Let's see, Jenna May, the last time we met up you tried to break my
arm.  What sort of crude brutality do you have in mind this time?  Are you
going to shoot me?  Maybe drop a bomb on my head?

Jen:  It's a thought.

Meg:  What's the matter, Rowe?  You haven't said anything.

Stacy (voice shaking):  I have nothing to say to you ...

Jen:  C'mon, Stace.  We were done anyway.  I don't like the smell in here ...

(Jen and Stacy leave.)

(SCENE - Jen and Stacy in the locker room.)

Jen:  Gee, Stace, ya gotta stand up to her!

Stacy:  She scares me, Jen.  I don't know why.  She seems so confident that
she's going to get Brig back.

Jen:  Naw, she burned that bridge forever.  But ya can't let her get to ya
that way ...

Stacy:  I know, I know!  I just don't know what to do about it ...

(SCENE - Sandi at her locker by herself, exchanging books.  Rachel walks up.)

Rachel:  Hi, Sandi!  Did you check out my drawings?

Sandi (unhappily):  Rachel, your drawings are ... great, but I'm afraid
there is no more Fashion Club.

Rachel:  But Ms. Li said ...

Sandi:  I'm sorry, Rachel.  It's now officially over, and I don't want to
talk about it anymore.  Here are your drawings back.

(Sandi hands them to Rachel and closes her locker.)

Rachel:  But ...

Sandi:  I said, I don't want to talk about it.  Excuse me.

(Sandi leaves.  Rachel watches sadly as she does.)

(SCENE - Stacy in her bedroom by herself.  She has a guitar, and is
strumming some chords hesitantly.  Her father Jack walks in.)

Jack:  Well!  I haven't heard you play your guitar in years!

Stacy:  Yeah, it's been a while.  I'm surprised at how much I remember.

Jack:  You sounded pretty good just now.

Stacy:  Uh, thanks, Dad.  Maybe when volleyball is over I can get back into
music.

Jack:  I think you lost interest in your music when that Fashion Club
started.

Stacy:  Yeah, I think you're right ...

(Jack leaves.  The phone rings.)

Stacy:  I'll get it!

(She picks up the phone.  We see Jen on a split-screen.)

Jen:  Hey, Stace, ya doin' anything right now?

Stacy:  Playing the guitar, actually ...

Jen:  Hey, I didn't know you could play the guitar!

Stacy:  Well, it's the first time in years I've tried it ...

Jen:  Hey, Stace, some of us are goin' downtown.  Wanna come?

(SCENE - Jen, Stacy, LaTonya and Laura walking downtown.)

Jen:  OK, where are we goin' next?

LaTonya:  I know:  Dega Street!

Stacy:  Isn't that a bit, uh, dangerous?

Laura:  C'mon, Stacy, there's four of us.  Live a little!

Jen:  Yeah, Dega Street sounds cool ...

(SCENE - The four girls walk into the Zen.  Mystik Spiral is on stage,
playing "Behind My Eyelids."  The girls stop and watch Mystik Spiral.)

END OF SEGMENT 2 OF "AFTER A FASHION"



SEGMENT 3 OF "AFTER A FASHION"

(SCENE - The Zen.  Stacy, Jen, LaTonya and Laura watching Mystik Spiral,
who are now playing "Icebox Woman."  Finally the song is finished, and
the girls clap for them.)

(On the stage)

Trent:  We're taking a break, folks.  But we'll be back in ten minutes.

(Back on the floor.)

Laura:  Hey, girls, let's go meet the band.  Whaddaya say?  They look pretty
hot.

LaTonya:  I'm cool.

Jen:  Good idea.  That rhythm guitarist has pecs to die for.

Stacy (uneasy):  Uh, sure.

(They walk up to the band members, who have come off the stage.)

Jen:  Hey, guys!

Jesse:  Yo.

LaTonya:  Cool music!

Trent:  Uh, thanks ...

Jen:  Are you guys local?

Trent:  Yeah, we're from right here in Lawndale.

Laura:  Wow!  You mean, you went to Lawndale High?

Trent:  Uh, yeah.  I'm, uh, Trent, and this is Jesse, Max and Nick.

LaTonya:  I'm LaTonya, and this is Jen, Laura and Stacy.

Jen:  Hey, Trent, Stacy plays the guitar, too!

Stacy (pleading):  Jen!

(Stacy is blushing.  The other girls are grinning at her.)

Trent:  Really, you play the guitar, Stacy?

Stacy (embarrassed):  Um, I'm not a real musician like you guys, I just sorta
fool around with it at home.  Jen's exaggerating ...

Trent:  Hey, that's how we all got started.  Then take a few lessons, get
together with some friends, start a band ...

Jen:  There ya go, Stace!  I'll bet Trent here knows where ya could take
some lessons ...

Stacy (still a bit embarrassed):  That's enough, Jen ...

Jen:  Maybe Trent even gives lessons himself!

Trent:  Uh, lessons?  Well, I ...

Jen:  C'mon, Stace, at least get his number.  It couldn't hurt!  Here, I got
a pen.  Anyone got somethin' to write on?

(Trent pulls a scrap of paper out of his pocket and writes down his number
and gives it back to Jen.  She hands it to Stacy, who takes it reluctantly.)

Trent:  Well, um, we gotta get back on stage.

Jen:  Yeah!  Good meetin' ya!

(The band goes back on stage.  The girls go back to the rear of the Zen.)

Stacy:  Uh, Jen, did you have to go out of your way to make me the center of
attention?

Jen:  Hey, I gotcha a lead on some guitar lessons, didn't I?  Call the guy,
Stace!  What can it hurt?

(SCENE - Sandi in her bedroom, laying on her bed, staring at the ceiling,
looking pensive and depressed.  The phone rings.  She lets it ring.  Someone
else picks it up.)

Sam's voice:  Hey, Sandi!  Phone for you!

Sandi:  Who is it?

Sam's voice:  Hell if I know!

Sandi (to herself):  ... like I feel like talking to anybody or whatever ...

(She picks up the phone.)

Sandi:  Hello?

(Split-screen of Sandi and Rachel.)

Rachel:  Sandi!  This is Rachel.

Sandi:  Rachel, I already told you ...

Rachel:  Sandi, my sister told me that you were probably the most dedicated
leader of any extracurricular group at Lawndale High ...

Sandi (surprised):  Jodie said that about me?  Dedicated?

Rachel:  Or maybe it was fanatical.  Something like that. 

Sandi:  Look, Rachel, if you want to be in a club, start one yourself ...

Rachel:  Sandi, I'm not the leadership-type that my sister is.  Or that
you are.  I wouldn't know how to begin.  Isn't there anything I can do to
make you change your mind?

(Sandi sighs and stares into space, thinking.)

(SCENE - Lane residence.  Stacy, carrying a guitar case, walks up to the
door and knocks.  The door opens, and there stands Jane.)

Jane:  Stacy?  What are you doing here?

Stacy:  I'm here to see Trent.

Jane:  Uh, sure.  I think he's actually up.  What for?

Stacy:  Guitar lessons.

Jane:  I didn't know Trent gave lessons.  (shouting)  Trent!

Stacy:  Weren't you a senior last year?  At Lawndale High?

Jane:  Uh, yeah.  I'm Trent's sister, Jane.  I'm hanging around until
I start college in the winter.

(Trent appears.)

Trent:  Hey, Stacy.  Let's go out to the kitchen.

(SCENE - In the Lane kitchen.  Stacy sitting in a chair, holding the guitar
ready for play.  Trent is leaning against the kitchen table.)

Trent:  Uh, you've played before, right?  That's what that girl said ...

Stacy:  Yeah, but not for a while.  That is, until a few days ago.

Trent:  What sort of stuff have you been playing?

Stacy:  Oh, simple stuff, Stephen Foster, that sort of thing.

Trent:  Do you know "Oh! Susanna!"?

Stacy:  Uh, yeah, I think so.  I mean, I've played it before.

Trent:  Let's hear it ...

Stacy (singing and playing):  Oh, I come from Alabama with a banjo ...

(Her voice cracks and she stops.)

Damn, I feel so self-conscious!  Sorry!

Trent:  It's OK.  Would it help if I sang along?

Stacy:  Uh, sure.

Trent:  OK, try it again.  

Stacy and Trent (singing with Stacy playing guitar):  Oh, I come from Alabama
with a banjo on my knee ...

(SCENE - Hallway at Lawndale High.  Sandi is walking down the hallway,
alone.  She is striding purposefully, no longer looking depressed.  She
sees Rachel Landon waiting for her next to a closed classroom door.)

Sandi:  How many?  Four?

Rachel:  Six.

Sandi (smiles):  Overkill!

Rachel:  Hey, I was afraid they might not all show up!

(They enter the classroom together.  Six well-dressed girls, none of whom
we've ever seen before, are sitting at desks, watching Rachel and Sandi enter.
Rachel goes to sit with the other girls.  Sandi goes to the front of the
classroom.)

Sandi:  Good to see you all here.  I'm Sandi Griffin.  Let's get the first
meeting of the Fashion Careers Club underway ...


END OF SEGMENT 3 - END OF FANFIC "AFTER A FASHION"

Alter-egos:  Fashion Club pictures

Cheryl as Stacy, Barch as Sandi, Greene as Quinn, Li as Tiffany
Jen as Quinn, Rachel as Sandi, LaTonya as Stacy, Meg as Tiffany
Stacy as Sandi, Quinn as Tiffany, Sandi as Stacy, Tiffany as Quinn
Sam as Quinn, Brig as Stacy, Trent as Sandi, Toby as Tiffany
Stacy as herself, Sandi, Tiffany and Quinn

CLOSING THEME - "Will It Go Round in Circles," by Billy Preston

I've got a song I ain't got no melody
How'm I gonna sing it with my friends
I've got a song I ain't got no melody
How'm I gonna sing it with my friends

Will it go round in circles
Will it fly high like a bird up in the sky
Will it go round in circles
Will it fly high like a bird up in the sky

I've got a lil' story ain't got no moral
Let the bad guy win every once in a while
I've got a lil' story ain't got no moral
Let the bad guy win every once in a while

Will it go round in circles
Will it fly high like a bird up in the sky
Will it go round in circles
Will it fly high like a bird up in the sky

*****

NOTES

Thanks to beta-reader Firah again!

According to ages given in "The Daria Database," some of you may think I'm
stretching things to put Rachel in high school while Stacy is a senior.
Probably.  So I'm stretching.  Maybe with Sam, too.  So there!

A snippet of "Cunningham's Waltz" can be heard at 
http://www.loosegoose.com/6mb/html/sound_clips.html.
SixMileBridge, unfortunately, broke up in the middle of 2001.  However, I
can recommend the music of the Maggie Drennon Band, a follow-on group with
several members of SixMileBridge.

*****

Please e-mail (mman37x@cs.com) your reactions to this fanfic.

As always, fan-artists are strongly encouraged to draw pictures based on this
fanfic.
