PARTY LOYALTY

By M Man

(This is the second episode of the spinoff series "Stacy!")

The characters Jen Brock, Jack Rowe, Cheryl Rowe, Meghan Monaghan, Brig
Zellner, LaTonya Willis, Laura Kelley, Orv and Kent are my own.  The rest
are carried over from MTV's "Daria", as are the locales.

OPENING THEME - "Cunningham's Waltz" by SixMileBridge

Stacy!  "Party Loyalty"


SEGMENT 1 OF "PARTY LOYALTY"

(SCENE - Living room of Rowe residence (remember it from Fat Like Me?).
Stacy and Brig are sitting on the sofa, watching the video "Titanic".
Actually they're hardly watching at all; they're making out, and
obviously French-kissing.  We see the TV screen, the scene in which
Jack and Rose make love in the Renault; Rose's hand on the steamed-up
window.)

Brig (sexily):  Looks like *they're* having fun ...

Stacy (smiling):  No, Brig, don't ...

Brig:  C'mon, Stacy, let's go upstairs, your parents won't be home for
hours ...

Stacy:  Mom sometimes changes plans.  Anyway, I'm *really* not ready,
Brig.  Look, I know you and Meg ...

(Brig glares and pulls away from Stacy.  The mood is broken.)

Stacy (exasperated sigh):  I'm sorry.

Brig (gritted teeth):  I just don't like to hear ... that name.

Stacy (lightly):  Look, maybe we could just call it "the M-word" ...

Brig (repressed rage):  It's not funny, Stacy.  I hate her.  I hate her damn
guts.  What did I ever see in her ... ?

Stacy:  She's pretty ...

Brig:  Yeah, and Hitler was a great orator.  It would have been better if
Meg was ugly and Hitler stuttered.  She cheated on me and goddamn laughed
about it.  And wondered why it was such a big deal to me ...

(Stacy pulls Brig close.)

Stacy:  Look, I'm not ready to, uh, go upstairs, but I really liked what we
were doing.

(Stacy kisses Brig deeply again.  Brig is reluctant at first but appears
to relax and forget about Meg.  Then they quickly break apart as the front
door opens and Jack and Cheryl Rowe enter.)

Cheryl:  ... why I *ever* thought that would be a good movie ...

Jack (annoyed):  Well, we could have stayed for the ending, at least ...

(They see Stacy and Brig, both sitting stiffly and looking a bit guilty
at almost being caught making out.)

Cheryl (tiredly):  Oh, hi, Brig.

Brig:  Hi, Mrs. Rowe, Mr. Rowe.

Jack:  Hi, kids.  What's that you're watching?

Stacy:  Titanic.

Jack:  Good one.  Right, Cheryl?

Cheryl (bored tone):  It was OK, Jack.

Jack:  OK, we'll leave you two kids alone.

(Cheryl leaves, but Jack stops and looks back into the living room.)

Jack:  Gee, you two are watching a romantic movie and sitting there like
you're brother and sister.  We're not prudes in this house, Brig, I'm
not gonna yell at you if you hold her hand ...

(Brig and Stacy look at each other with sly smiles, then hold hands.)

Brig:  Thanks, Mr. Rowe, I wouldn't presume to take liberties with your
daughter.

(Stacy is wide-eyed, her cheeks puffed out, obviously holding back a laugh.)

Jack:  You're obviously a good kid, Brig, I know I can trust you.

(Jack leaves.  Stacy bursts out laughing.)

Stacy:  "wouldn't presume to take liberties?"  How can you keep a straight
face?  Just a minute ago you were trying to talk me into ... (hesitates)

Brig (evil grin):  ... getting naked and horizontal?

Stacy (trying to act scandalized, but grinning):  Brig, cut it *out*!

Brig (with mock seriousness):  Stacy, can I ask you something about your
parents?

Stacy (still half-laughing):  Sure.

Brig (mock-seriously):  Are they virgins?

(Stacy laughs and playfully punches Brig on the shoulder.)

(SCENE - Lawndale High School lunchroom.  Stacy, Sandi, Quinn and Tiffany
sitting together at a table.  Sandi pulls a small notebook out of her
purse.)

Sandi:  I have taken the liberty of preserving the approved-dating list of
the former Fashion Club ...

Stacy:  Count me out, Sandi.  I have a steady boyfriend now.

Sandi:  Brig Zellner?

Stacy (defiantly):  Yeah.  Anything wrong with that?

Sandi:  Nothing is wrong with Brig Zellner.  He ranked very high on our
list ...

Quinn:  ... except that he was always going out with Meghan Monaghan before.

Sandi:  Correct.  But, Stacy, do you really want to limit yourself to one
guy?  Have you forgotten the fundamentals of dating ... ?

Stacy:  Sandi, right now I just want to date Brig, OK?

Sandi:  You realize that if you date one guy all the time you're going to
have to sleep with him to keep him.

Stacy (almost sputtering):  That's ... that's not true!  Besides, as if the
guys on your precious dating list weren't always trying to ...

Sandi (defiantly):  *I'm* still a virgin!

Stacy (coolly):  So am I.

Sandi (smirking):  Really?

Stacy (in a threatening tone):  Are you calling me a ...

Quinn (almost screaming):  Sandi!  Stacy!  Stop it!!

Tiffany:  You'rre givingg mee a headaaache!!

(Ms. Morris approaches the table.)

Morris:  Everything OK here, girls?

Sandi:  Everything's fine, Ms. Morris.

Morris:  Good!  Let's try to keep it down to a dull roar, OK?

(Morris leaves.  The girls continue talking in lowered voices.)

Sandi:  You and Quinn were so anxious to disband the Fashion Club.  Now we
can't even talk without arguing - loud enough for the whole cafeteria to
hear.

Quinn:  Maybe we can still do some of the things we used to do.  Like go to
the Mall together?  Thursday evening?  And no arguing!

Tiffany:  I'd liiike to doo thaaat.

Stacy:  Uh, sure.  Good idea, Quinn.  Um, after volleyball practice.

Sandi:  Thursday it is, then.

(SCENE - Lawndale girls' locker room.  Stacy, Jen, LaTonya Willis and Laura
Kelley are walking out, carrying their gym bags.)

Laura:  Hey, Stacy, what was that stuff you were rubbing on your face in the
bathroom?

(Laura is very tall and thin - about 6'3" - with short blonde hair.)

Stacy:  Uh, just moisturizer ...

LaTonya:  Girl, you need moisterizer like I need suntan lotion!

(LaTonya's complexion can best be described as "pure ebony.")

Laura:  You're not still hanging out with those silly fashion chicks, are
you?

Stacy:  Well, I ...

Jen:  Speakin' of hangin' out, is everybody up for goin' downtown Saturday
night?

LaTonya:  Sure, Jen!

Laura:  Count me in!

Stacy (uncertainly):  Uh, sure ...


(SCENE - Stacy, Quinn, Sandi and Tiffany walking through the Lawndale Mall.)

Sandi:  ... so I thought that after we checked out Cashman's we could ...

Stacy:  Uh, Sandi, do we have to go to Cashman's?

Quinn:  Why not, Stacy?

Sandi:  Yeah, why not?

Stacy:  Uh, nothing wrong with Cashman's, but  ... that's sorta what we've
always done.  I thought that since we're no longer the Fashion Club, we
might do something different for a change ...

Tiffany:  Not J. J. Jeeterrrrs!!  Brrr!!!!

Stacy:  No, I was thinking of ... Fullback Fred's ...

Quinn:  Sporting goods?  Why there ... ?

Sandi:  I see.  This volleyball thingie is turning you into a big-time jock
chick and now you think Cashman's is too girly-girly ...

Stacy:  Sandi, you're completely twisting ...

(Approaching the four girls from the other direction are Lindy from IICY and
her two friends Orville and Kent, both college-age.)

Lindy:  Hey, Quinn!

Quinn:  Uh, hi, Lindy!

Orville:  Quinn, from Lindy's party, right?

Quinn:  Yeah, I was there ... uh, Lindy, these are my friends from high
school, Sandi, Stacy and Tiffany ... and this is Lindy and, uh, ...

Lindy: ... Kent and Orv.  Well, good to see you again, Quinn, ...

Kent:  Hey, girls, if you all like to party, there's a party at my place
Saturday night.  It's in Lindy's building, top floor, ...

Lindy:  Kent, these girls are in *high school* ...

Kent:  You're all seniors, right?

(They all nod)

Kent:  Well, they're practically in college.  How about it?

Sandi:  Um, OK, Kent.  Like you say, we're all practically in college,
anyway.  How about it, girls?

Tiffany:  Yeahhh.  A college partyyy.

Stacy:  ... um, I already have plans ...

Quinn:  ... I don't know if that's a good id- ...

Sandi:  Well, it's all settled.  We'll be there.  Good to meet you, Lindy,
Kent, Orv.  See you Saturday.

(Lindy and her friends walk on.)

Stacy:  Uh, Sandi, I *really* do have other plans.  Some of the other girls
on the volleyball team ...

Sandi (bitingly):  Don't worry about it, Stacy, we understand we're no
longer your most important friends ...

Stacy (weakly):  That's not fair, Sandi ...

Quinn (interrupting):  Uh, Sandi, this is a college party.  It's mostly about
drinking - y'know, alcohol.

Sandi:  Ohhh?  Is that what you did at Lindy's party?

Quinn:  No, I ...

Sandi:  I see, so you don't *have* to drink alcohol.  They have soda and
other things there?

Quinn:  Yeah, they do.

Sandi:  And they play music and talk and dance and stuff?

Quinn:  Uh, yeah ...

Sandi:  So what's the problem?  We're all going to college soon enough and
we need to start getting accustomed to college social activities.  

Quinn:  Uh, yeah, I guess we do ...

END OF SEGMENT 1 OF "PARTY LOYALTY"


Time for a commerical break - but who really watches commercials?

If you need a bathroom break, now's the time!


SEGMENT 2 OF "PARTY LOYALTY"

(SCENE - Stacy at home in her bedroom.  The phone rings.  She picks it up.)

Stacy:  Hello?

(Split-screen of Stacy and Brig.)

Brig:  Hello.  Look, Stacy, sorry if I pushed too hard the other night ...

Stacy:  Um, look, Brig, I'm not trying to, uh, y'know, be a tease or anything
like that ...

Brig:  I know.  Look, about tomorrow night ...

Stacy:  Uh, I'm going out with some of the girls from the team tomorrow
night ...

Brig:  What?  On a Saturday?  I thought we ...

Stacy:  Uh, Brig, look, I didn't know we had a standing date for Saturday.

Brig (downcast):  Uh, yeah.  I guess we didn't.

Stacy:  Look, Brig, if you want to have a standing date for Saturday,
that's OK.  But let's talk it over.  Not on the phone, OK?

Brig (peeved):  Uh, sure, Stacy.

Stacy:  Really, Brig, I'm not trying to put you off.

Brig (dismissively):  Later, OK?

(He hangs up.  Stacy sighs, closes her eyes and grimaces.)

(SCENE - Sandi, Quinn and Tiffany at Kent's apartment door.  Loud music is
coming from behind the door.  Sandi knocks at the door.  Kent answers.)

Kent:  Hey, Sandi!  Hey, girls!

Quinn:  Uh, hi, Kent.

Kent:  Come on in!  I hope you chicks like to par-tayyyy!

Sandi (forced enthusiasm):  Of course we do, Kent!

(They all step into the room.)

Kent:  You girls want some drinks?

Quinn:  Diet sodas for us ...

Kent:  Hey, it's OK.  We've never gotten raided ...

Quinn (firmly):  Just sodas for us!

Kent:  Alright.  (He leaves.)

Sandi:  Quinn, you don't have to be so ... *forceful* about it.

Quinn:  I don't want anything to happen.  I told you about Lindy and her ...
problem.

(SCENE - Stacy, Jen, LaTonya, and Laura walking downtown.)

LaTonya:  Man, that was good pizza!

Jen:  Sure was!  Stace, did ya get enough?  I think ya only had one piece ...

Stacy:  Uh, that was enough ...

Laura:  You need to bulk up, Stacy, or you're not going to make it through
the season ...

(They walk past the downtown movie theater.)

Jen:  Hey, let's catch a movie.

LaTonya:  Good idea.

Stacy:  Uh, yeah, I've been wanting to see that one about Anne Boleyn.

Laura (contemptuously):  Anne Boleyn?

LaTonya:  Booor-ing!!  (LaTonya closes her eyes, lays her head on her
shoulder, and mock-snores loudly.)

Jen:  How about "Napalm 3"?

Laura:  Yeah, that sounds cool!

LaTonya:  Yeah!

(Stacy follows as the rest get into the ticket line.)

Stacy:  Isn't that sort of a *guy* movie ... ?

(Stacy grins weakly as the other girls stare at her, puzzled.)

(SCENE - Lindy's party.  Quinn is looking around, trying to find someone.
The room is full of loud, drunk people.  Loud rock music is playing.)

(Lindy walks up to Quinn.  She's a little drunk.)

Lindy:  Hey, havin' a good time?

Quinn:  Lindy, did you see Sandi and Tiffany?  The two friends I came here
with?

Lindy:  Hmmm?  Oh, yeah, them.  Kent and some other guy took them down to
my apartment ...

Quinn:  To your apartment??!!  To do what!!??

Lindy:  Sheesh, Quinn, nobody *made* them go ...

(Quinn leaves quickly.)

(SCENE - Quinn standing outside Lindy's apartment.  Quinn is knocking hard
on the door.)

Male voice inside:  Go away!

Quinn:  Are Sandi and Tiffany in there?  We're going home now!

(No answer.  Quinn tries the door.  It's unlocked.  She enters.  Kent is
laying on the floor, very drunk, right in front of the sofa.  Sandi is
also drunk, and trying unsuccessfully to hoist Kent onto the sofa.  There
are numerous empty beer cans laying around.)

Quinn:  What are you *doing*??!!

Sandi:  This is my boyfriend.  Help me lift him ...

Kent (to Quinn):  Go away!

Quinn:  Sandi, you don't have a boyfriend.  Now come with me ...

Sandi:  Kent?  Kent?

(Kent appears to have passed out.  Sandi starts crying.)

Quinn:  Oh, my *Gawd*!!  Sandi, where's Tiffany?

(No answer.)

Quinn:  Sandi, where's Tiffany?

(She hears Tiffany vomiting in another room.)

(Quinn goes quickly to Lindy's bedroom.  They see Orv passed out on the bed,
but not Tiffany.  There are empty beer cans strewn on the floor.  Then she
looks in the bathroom.  Tiffany is kneeling before the toilet, vomiting.)

Tiffany (vomiting):  Bleahhhhhh!!!

Quinn:  Tiffany, are you OK to leave?

Tiffany (drunk):  Huhhh??  Where's Orvillllle???

Quinn:  Orville's passed out drunk, Tiffany.  We're leaving now.

Tiffany (vomiting):  Bleahhhhhh!!!

(Quinn goes back into the living room.  Sandi is kneeling over Kent, trying
to lift him up from the floor.  He appears to be unconcious.)

Sandi (drunk):  C'mon, Kent!  You can do it!  My one and only true love ...

Quinn:  C'mon, Sandi, we're going home now.

Sandi (drunk):  Home?  And leave my boyfriend?

(Sandi tries to stand, but falls down to her knees.)

Quinn:  Or somewhere.

(Quinn pulls out her cellphone and punches a number.)

(SCENE - In the movie theater.  Stacy, Jen, LaTonya and Laura are watching.
All the other patrons in the theater are male.  From the movie sound system
we hear battle sounds:  exploding shells, gunfire, etc.  LaTonya, Jen and
Laura are all eating popcorn and are watching the movie with great interest.
Stacy looks bored.  Stacy's cellphone rings.)

LaTonya:  I think that's your cellphone, Stacy.  Just turn it off, they'll
call back.

Stacy:  No, I better answer.  (She does.)  Hello?

(Some other movie patrons are glaring at Stacy.)

(SPLIT-SCREEN - Stacy in the theater, Quinn at Lindy's apartment.)

Quinn:  Stacy!  I need some help!

Stacy:  What is it, Quinn?  Can it wait?

Quinn:  No!!

Other patrons:  Hey!  Keep it down!  Shut off your cellphone!

(Stacy gets up and walks toward the door.)

Stacy:  Just a minute, Quinn.

(Stacy walks outside to the lobby.)

Stacy:  OK, Quinn ...

Quinn:  Stacy!  Sandi and Tiffany got drunk with a couple guys.  I need
your help to get them out of here!

Stacy:  With a couple guys?  They didn't ... ?

Quinn:  No, at least I don't think so.  It looks like they were all too
drunk to, uh, y'know, get undressed.

Stacy:  Thank God.  Uh, Quinn, I don't have a way to get there ...

Quinn:  Well, Sandi drove us here.  I suppose I could drive her car, but
I can't carry them to the car by myself, and they can't walk.

Stacy:  OK, Quinn, I'll see what I can do.  (Shuts off the phone.)

(Stacy goes back to the girls in the theater, but doesn't sit down.)

Stacy:  Hey, some of my friends are having an emergency.  Could you drive me
somewhere ...

Patrons:  Shhhhhh!!!

Jen:  C'mon, Stace, can't it wait?  This movie rocks ...

Stacy (peeved):  All right.  I'll have to do it myself ...

(Stacy quickly leaves the theater, walks through the lobby, out the front
door, and down the main street of Lawndale.  She hears Jen's voice behind
her.)

Jen:  Hey!  Wait up, Stace!

Stacy (angry):  Look, Jen, I know you have nothing but contempt for my other
friends ...

(Jen falls into step with Stacy.)

Jen:  Stace, I'm here, aren't I?

Stacy:  Go back inside.

(Jen steps in front of Stacy and stands face-to-face with her.  Stacy stops.)

Jen:  Stace, I wanna help, OK?

Stacy:  Uh, sure, OK.  Thanks.

Jen:  So, whadda we do?

Stacy:  We need a car to get to some apartments near Lawndale State.

Jen:  I ain't got a car.

Stacy:  I could ask my parents but I'm afraid they'd want to know why.  And
I don't want anyone to know Sandi and Tiffany got drunk.

Jen:  *That's* the emergency?  People get drunk all the time ...

Stacy:  Jen, you said you would help ...

Jen:  OK, Stace.  We need a car.  Uh, call Brig?

Stacy:  Damn.  We had an argument last night.

Jen:  Try him.

(Stacy dials.  Then we see a split screen of Brig, watching TV, looking
unhappy.)

Brig:  Hello?

Stacy:  Brig, it's Stacy.

Brig (peeved):  What's the matter?  Did your friends blow you off?

Stacy:  Brig, I need some help tonight.  Two of my friends got drunk
somewhere near Lawndale State.  I need to go get them.  And you have a car.

Brig:  Stacy, if this is your way of ...

(Jen grabs the phone from Stacy.)

Jen (to Brig):  Brig, this is Jen!  We're in fronta Lawndale Theater, Brig.
Ten minutes!  We'll be waitin' outside.  See ya!

(Jen hangs up the cellphone.)

Stacy:  Uh, Jen ...

Jen (confidently):  He'll be here, Stace.


END OF SEGMENT 2 OF "PARTY LOYALTY"


Time for another commercial break.  I usually go get something to eat.

Do what you usually do.


SEGMENT 3 OF "PARTY LOYALTY"

(SCENE - Brig's car.  Brig is driving.  Jen is in the passenger seat in
the front.  Stacy, Sandi, Tiffany and Quinn are in the back, in that order.
Sandi and Tiffany are still very drunk.)

Sandi (sad):  I miss my boyfriend ...

Tiffany:  Meee tooo ...

(They hug each other and both start to cry.)

Quinn:  I don't believe this.  We can't just drop them off at their homes.

(Sandi looks outside the window, then at the window.  She then giggles.)

Sandi:  Look, Tiffany!  There's a spider on the window!

(Stacy grimaces at Sandi's breath as Sandi leans over her to see the window.)

Tiffany:  Is it insiiiide or outtsiiiide?

Sandi:  I don't know.  It's really tiny, though, like eensy-weensy.  Like in
that song ...

Tiffany:  What songgg??

Sandi (singing):  The eensy-weensy spider went up the waterspout ...

Tiffany:  Oh, yeahhh ...

Sandi and Tiffany (singing):  Down came the rain and washed the spider out!

Stacy (to Quinn):  Spare me ...

Sandi and Tiffany (singing):  Out came the sun and dried up all the rain,
and the eensy-weensy spider went up the spout again!

Sandi (to Quinn and Stacy):  Why aren't you singing with us?

Jen:  Uh, girls, I don't think Brig here can just drive around 'til
they're sober ...

Stacy:  We can't take them to my house.  My parents are home.

Quinn:  Mine too.

Brig:  Nobody's home at my house.  We can take them there.

Stacy (gently):  Thanks, Brig.  Really.

Brig:  Yeah.

Sandi and Tiffany (singing):  The eensie-weensie spider went up the
waterspout!  Down came the rain and ...

(SCENE - Kitchen table at Zellner residence.   Sandi and Tiffany are sitting
at the table with cups of coffee.  Brig, Jen, Stacy and Quinn are standing.
Sandi and Tiffany are starting to get sober.)

Tiffany:  I feel so siiiick!

Sandi (to Quinn, angrily):  Why didn't you stop us from drinking ... ?

Quinn:  Uh, look, I ...

Stacy (angry):  Why didn't she stop you from drinking?  Sandi, she called
for help when could have left you ...

Sandi (angry):  Shut up!  I was talking to Quinn!

Stacy:  "Shut up"?  "*Shut up*"?  After what I did for you tonight?  You
goddamn ungrateful ...

(Jen pulls Stacy outside the kitchen.  Brig and Quinn follow.)

Jen:  Stace, that's just drunk talk ...

Stacy:  No, it isn't!  You don't know, Jen!  Sandi has dumped on me for
years and years and ...

(Stacy starts crying.  Brig reaches out for her and hugs her.  Jen and Quinn
watch.)

Brig:  Hey, Stacy, relax ...

Stacy (crying):  Dammit, I like Sandi better when she's drunk!  At least then
she's not such a frikkin' b-

Quinn:  Stacy!

Stacy:  Brig, is there any beer in the refrigerator?

Quinn:  C'mon, Stacy, you don't mean that ...

Stacy:  Honestly, Quinn, when have you ever seen Sandi singing happily
before?

Quinn (reluctantly but honestly):  Never.  (pause)  Stacy, she'll probably
thank you tomorrow ...

Stacy (bitterly):  Yeah, sure she will ...

Brig:  I'll go make more coffee.

Jen:  I'll help ya, Brig.

(They leave.)

Quinn:  I know how you feel, Stacy ...

Stacy:  Do you, Quinn?  Do you?  She's dumped on me and dumped on me and ... 
You were able to stand up to her, but I ...  Why the hell should I be doing
things like this for her?  We should have just left her on the curb in front
of her damn house ... (Stacy starts to cry again.  Quinn reaches out and
gives her a quick hug.)

Quinn:  Stacy, Stacy.

Stacy:  It's OK, Quinn.  This night's kinda got to me, that's all.

(Brig comes back.)

Brig:  I gave them some more coffee.  We've got to get them out of here
though.  My parents could be home soon.

Stacy:  OK, Brig.  I think if you drive them around a bit more, they'll pass
for sober.

Quinn:  I'll check on Sandi and Tiffany.  (She goes to the kitchen.)

(Brig and Stacy, now alone for a moment, put their arms around each others'
waists and kiss quickly.)

Stacy:  Thanks, Brig.  Thanks for being there when I needed you.

Brig:  Glad to help ...

(In the background, Tiffany vomits again.)

Brig (grimaces):  ... well, sorta glad ...

Stacy:  I'll clean it up ...

Quinn (from the kitchen):  I'll get it, Stacy!

(SCENE - Stacy coming through the front door of her house.  Her parents
are waiting on the sofa.)

Cheryl:  Stacy, do you know what time it is?  Where have you been?

Jack:  You know we don't want you out this late!

Stacy:  Uh, two of the girls, uh, got sick tonight.  Since we walked to
the theater, we had to call for a ride.  I got Brig to help.  Then we took
them both home.  It, uh, took a while ...

Jack:  Are they OK?

Stacy:  Uh, yeah, just a little sick in the stomach.  We, uh, gave them some
fluids.

Cheryl:  What about their parents?  Where were they?

Stacy:  They were out late.  It's OK, Mom.  They're all OK now.

Jack:  Stacy, really, you should have called to let us know.  We were
worried about you.  And we might have been able to help.

Stacy:  Sorry, Dad, I, uh, was worried about them and didn't think to call
you.  I will if it happens again.

Cheryl (big sigh):  OK, Stacy.  But please don't worry us like that again.
You better go to bed, you look awful.

Stacy:  Yeah, I'm kinda drained.  'Night!

(She goes upstairs.)

(SCENE - Stacy getting into bed.  The phone rings.)

Cheryl's voice (from another room):  Who could be calling at this time
of ... ?

Stacy:  I'll get it, Mom!

(She picks up the phone.)

Stacy:  Hello?

(silence.)

Stacy:  Hello?

Sandi (very hesitantly):  Uh, hello ... ?

Stacy:  Sandi?

Cheryl's voice (from another room):  Stacy, if that's one of your friends,
please tell them *not* to call so late!

Stacy:  I will, Mom!

Sandi:  Sorry about that, Stacy, uh, look ...

Stacy:  Uh, Sandi ...

Sandi (hesitantly):  Stacy.  Thanks.  For tonight.  Really.  Thanks.

Stacy (smiling sadly):  You're welcome, Sandi.

Sandi:  'Night, Stacy.

Stacy:  Sandi?

Sandi:  Uh, yes, Stacy?

Stacy:  *Please* don't do anything like that again ...

Sandi (tiredly):  Yeah.  I won't.  'Night, Stacy.

Stacy:  'Night, Sandi.

(They both hang up.  Stacy reaches for the light on her bedstand, then
hesitates and picks up a framed picture.  It's a picture of the Fashion
Club together, all smiling for the camera.  Stacy smiles sadly at the
picture, then puts the picture down, and turns off the light.  Darkness.)


END OF SEGMENT 3 - END OF FANFIC "PARTY LOYALTY"

Alter-egos (drinking-oriented):

Jack and Cheryl in Oktoberfest costumes, hoisting beer steins.

Stacy as a cocktail waitress.

Brig as a skid row bum, drinking from a bottle in a brown paper sack.

Lindy as Carry Nation, wielding an axe.

Jen, LaTonya, Laura, Coaches Barch and Greene sitting on the bench during a
volleyball game, all with beer cans in their hands.

Tiffany in 1910's dress, carrying a sign reading "Vote for Prohibition".

Quinn as a bartender.

Sandi as a flapper, drinking from a hip flask.


CLOSING THEME - "Jose Cuervo", by Shelly West

Well it's Sunday Mornin'
And the sun is shinin'
In my eye that is open
And my head is spinnin'
Was the life of the party
I can't stop grinnin'
I had too much Tequila last night

Jose Cuervo, you are a friend of mine
I like to drink you with a little salt and lime
Did I kiss all the cowboys?  Did I shoot out the lights?
Did I dance on the bar?  Did I start any fights?

*****

NOTES

Thanks to beta-readers Firah and Brandon League for some very useful
advice.

A snippet of "Cunningham's Waltz" can be heard at
http://www.loosegoose.com/6mb/html/sound_clips.html.
SixMileBridge, unfortunately, broke up in the middle of 2001.  However, I
can recommend the music of the Maggie Drennon Band, a follow-on group with
several members of SixMileBridge.

*****

Please e-mail (mman37x@cs.com) your reactions to this fanfic.

As always, fan-artists are strongly encouraged to draw pictures based on this
fanfic.
