Summer

By Pulchritudinous3

Scene One: Daria and Jane, walking home from school on the last day

Jane: So, was sophomore year all it was cracked up to be?

Daria: Yeah, sure. I'll remember it all my life. Getting shunned by society, 
being a social outcast, all in all, a great year.

Jane: Same here. This kind of stuff is what you tell your grand kids someday.

Daria: Too bad we weren't cheerleaders or in the fashion club. That REALLY 
would have made a story.

Jane: It might give them nightmares. <pause> So, what should we do this summer?

Daria: I was just going to watch TV, sit around and be bored. The same things 
I do during the school year.

Jane: We could hang out at the pool?

Daria: Yeah, good idea. We could work on our tans and then go to Cashmans and 
try on sequined gowns.

Jane: Come on, I'm serious.

Daria: So am I.

Jane: Really. It'll be fun!

Daria: Last time you said that we ended up looking at a tooth and listening 
to the plot of jaws.

Jane: Alright, but it's your loss. I'm sure I could convince Trent to tag 
along, though.

Daria (eyes light up) Trent? (deadpan) Okay, but remember, I do have the 
right to sue you if any "unfortunate accidents happen.

Jane: No accidents are unfortunate with you, Daria.


Scene 2: Daria's Room

Daria (holding up a tiny pink bathing suit with a ruffle around the waist 
and giant bow on the back) : Has it really been that long since I've been 
swimming?

Helen (walking by Daria's room): Going to the pool, Daria?

Daria: Unwillingly. Do I have any other swim suit that this.. thing? 
(Holding it away from her body)

Helen: I don't think so. Oh, that's the one your Aunt Rita gave you 
when you were three. Too bad you never wore it.

Daria: Too bad. I guess I'll have to buy a new one.

Helen (leaving): Have fun, sweetie.

(Daria drops the suit into the garbage can, picks up the phone and 
dials Jane)

Jane: Yo

Daria: Hey. Listen, I need to buy a new swimsuit, so I'll be a little 
late. 

Jane: Good, I'll come. I need a new swimsuit anyway. I'll have Trent 
bring us to the mall before we go to the pool.

Daria (blushing): Trent?

Jane: Yeah, but don't worry. He won't bug us. There's a new music store 
there that he'll be glued to for hours. 

Daria: Alright, see ya.

Jane: Bye

(They hang up, and Daria lays down on her bed)

DARIA ( FANTASY SEQUENCE)
                    At the swimsuit store

(Jane walks out of a dressing room wearing a lime green bikini with a 
triangle top, where Daria is waiting for her)

Jane: How do I look? 

Daria: Great, can we go now?

(Trent walks into store)

Trent: Hey, Daria

Daria, blushing: Hi.

Trent: Hey, Janey, isn't that suit a little revealing?

Jane: Shut up, Trent.

(Jane walks back into dressing room)

Trent: So, Daria, are you going to try anything on?

Daria, mumbling: I don't know. I haven't really seen anything I like.

Trent (grabbing a skimpy purple bikini and holding it up): This would 
look really good on you

Daria: I'll try it on (walking into a dressing room)

(A couple of seconds of banging and a "Dammit!" from Daria)

Daria( coming out with the bikini on, with one strap falling down and a 
less-than-ample figure barely holding up the top): How does it look?

Trent: Hmm. It looked better on the hanger.

(Daria looks hurt)

Voice: DARIA!!!

(Daria snaps out of it and stands up)

Jake: DARIA! Someone's here for you!

Daria: Coming!

(Daria walks down the hallway and see's Trent sitting in the living room 
with her parents standing nearby)

Helen: So, Trent, Daria says you have a band?

Trent: Yeah, Mystik Spiral, buy we're thinking about changing our name

Daria: Trent?

Trent: Hey, Daria.

Daria: Uh, we'd better go.

Trent: Good idea

(They walk outside with Jake and Helen looking on, smiling)

Daria: Sorry about my parents

Trent: It's okay.

Daria: So, where's Jane?

Trent: In the car, I think she hurt her leg or something.

(Daria looks in back window of the car and sees Jane is stretched out 
over all three back seats. Jane waves and Daria opens the door)

Jane (rubbing her right leg): Uh, my leg hurts, and I need to stretch 
it out a bit. Daria, why don't you sit up front.

Daria (glaring at Jane): Okay, anything for a friend.

(Daria gets in front seat where Trent is sitting. Their eyes catch and 
Trent smiles. Daria blushes and sinks down in her seat)

COMMERCIAL BREAK

Scene 3: Swim suit store

(Jane and Daria are walking into the swim suit store, Jane limping on 
left foot, as a saleslady approaches them)

Saleslady: Welcome! If you need any help, just ask.

Jane: We're just browsing.

Saleslady: Alright, *suit* yourself!! (She laughs crazily as Daria and 
Jane proceed into the store) Under breath, mockingly: Good luck!

(Jane and Daria walk over to the sale rack)

Jane (grabbing an armload of suits): I'm going to try these on. 

Daria: I'll just keep looking.

(Jane walks into a dressing room, and the saleslady walks over to Daria)

Saleslady: Need any help? (She grabs the purple suit from Daria's dream 
and holds it up) How about this, it's cute!

Daria (with a grim look): Uh, I'm afraid of cute. I'll be fine on my own. 

Jane: Daria! Come look at this.

(Daria grabs a one-piece black bathing suit and walks over to Jane by 
the dressing room)

Jane: How doe I look? (Jane is wearing a lemon yellow bikini with a 
halter top and boy cut bottoms)

Daria: Looks great, if you like that day-glo-neon-stare-at-me look.

Jane: Shut up. Well, I like it. It's either this one or this (holding 
up a lime green bikini identical to the one in Daria's dream)

Daria, quickly: The yellow one works. Now lets blow this joint. 

Jane: You're not even going to try it on?

Daria: It's my size, my color, and I don't like it, but I don't 
like anything here, so it'll have to do. No go change before I 
am forced to commit justifiable homicide.

(Daria walks up to counter and puts down swim suit)

Saleslady: So, ready to make a purchase?

Daria: It would appear that way.

Saleslady (putting suit into bag)- What's the occasion? An underwater 
funeral?

Daria-thinking-: One more wisecrack and it'll be yours.

Daria: uh, yeah, I'll just pay and leave now, okay?

(Daria hands the saleslady some money and takes the bag. Jane emerges, 
fully clothed and is in the process of paying for the little yellow 
number when Daria spots Trent waiting right outside the store, who 
smiles at her, and she walks over to him)

Trent: Hey Daria

Daria: Hey.

Trent: Found something you like, I see (Peeks into bag) It's.. well.. 
you.

Daria (extreme deadpan): I'm glad you like it.

Trent: Sorry. I like it. Really! It'll look great on you.

(Daria blushes, and Jane meets them)

Jane: Let's go. It's hot in here, I *need* to get into a container of 
cool, refreshing liquid.

Daria: A giant toilet bowl.

(Trent chuckles and starts to cough)

Trent: Good one, Daria

Daria (mumbling): Mm, thanks.

Jane: Come on, let's go.

Daria: By the way, Jane, you're limping on the wrong foot.

Jane: Shut up

COMMERCIAL BREAK

Scene 4: The pool

(Jane, Daria and Trent arrive at the pool, and hand the man behind the 
desk their money, and take their towels over to a vacant shady spot. 
Daria is staring at Trent as he takes off his shirt.)

Jane (pulls Daria along) Let's go get changed (once they are a 
comfortable distance away) If you stare any harder you'll burn a hole 
in his chest.

Daria: Huh? (Turning to Jane) Uh, let's go.

(Daria and Jane step into dressing rooms and emerge seconds later in 
bathing suits and holding their clothes, and they walk to their towels) 

Jane whistles

Daria (taking off her glasses): Shut up.

(Trent has gone over to the diving board, so Jane and Daria come over 
to sit along the side and watch Trent find 30 different ways to throw 
himself into the water. During this time, while Daria is nothing less 
than mesmerized, Jane slips away. One phenomenal jump soaks Daria)

Trent (surfacing after jump): Sorry Daria. Need a towel? I have an extra.

Daria: That's okay, I'll just go lie in the sun.

(Daria walks over to her towel and pulls it over to a spot of sun and 
lies down on her back and dozes off. Soon, Jane and Trent come back to 
their towels too, equip with sodas, and Trent is staring at Daria

Jane: Are you done staring, or should I call the paramedics.

Trent: Wow, I never realized that Daria, well, had a figure.

Jane: You learn something new everyday

(Jane leaves to flirt with some guys horsing around in the pool, and 
Trent sits by a tree, staring at Daria and sipping his coke)

DARIA (DREAM SEQUENCE)

(Daria, sitting by the pool and looking gorgeous, is sitting next to 
Trent, and the pool is almost empty)

Trent: Daria, you look really hot.

Daria: Really?

Trent: Yeah, really, really hot

Daria (blushing): Stop it

(An awkward silence)

Daria (nervously) : So, do you want to do something tonight?

Trent (confused) : What?

Daria (Embarrassed): Do you want to do something, with me?

(Trent laughs)

Daria (confused): What?

Trent: You thought (laughs)

Daria: I thought what?

Trent: I said you looked hot because you're dripping sweat and giving 
off an odor! I was about to ask you if you wanted me to get you a coke 
to cool down! (laughs)

(Daria looks embarrassed and hurt)

(Suddenly, Daria wakes up and looks over at Trent, slightly embarrassed, 
and tugs her swimsuit over her chest)

Trent: Hey, Daria. Have a nice nap?

Daria: Yeah. I was kind of tired. Wannatakeadip? (rushed)

Trent: Sure, I can show you my jackknife.

Daria: Okay

(The two walk over to the deep end, and Daria resumes her spectator 
position along the side. Soon, Jane sits alongside Daria)

Jane: So, sleeping beauty, sweet dreams?

Daria: No. Never have never will.

(Trent dives in, creating an almost-tidal wave)

Jane: What are you trying to do? Wipe out a small civilization?

Trent: Ha ha. Daria, why don't you get in?

Daria: I don't know if I want to...

Trent: Come on, we can play tag.

Jane: Yeah, come on Daria.

(Jane jumps in off the side)

Daria (hesitantly): Okay 

(Daria slides in and dog paddles over to the shallow end where Jane and 
Trent are waiting)

Trent: I'm it. No bases, no ruled, let's go!

(Jane and Daria scatter and Trent hones in on Daria. She scrambles about, 
splashing and laughing until Trent tackles her and grabs her around the 
waist)

Trent (smiling): You're it!

Daria: Okay, better run!

(Daria runs towards Trent, and he tries to escape, but Daria is pretty 
quick. She reaches out to tag his shoulder, but he moves back a bit and 
falls forward. Trent reaches out and grabs her before she falls. Holding 
her in his arms, they stare into each others eyes for a moment that seems 
like forever)

Jane (Hands on hips) : Are you two having fun?

(Daria and Trent look up, embarrassed, and they separate. Both are blushing)

Jane: Let's split. I'm getting bored watching you two flirt

(Daria and Trent both glare at Jane)

Trent: Okay, let's go. Come on Daria, I'll help you out. 

(Trent hops out and grabs Daria's hand and pulls her out)

Daria (blushing): Thanks.

(Jane has already arrived at the towels as Trent and Daria arrive)

(Daria and Trent proceed to wrap themselves up with towels, and Daria 
puts on her glasses)

Jane: Come on, let's go now

( The three walk up to the front desk, where they run into Kevin and 
Brittany. Kevin is wearing his football jersey, complete with pads, and 
swimming trunks, and Brittany is wearing a pair of cut-offs over a 
practically non-existent blue and yellow bikini)

Kevin: Uh, babe, got any cash?

Brittany: I thought *you* are supposed to pay?!?

Kevin: But babe!

Brittany: You, you, high school poor person!

(Brittany and Kevin enter pool grounds, Brittany still irritated. Jane, 
Trent and Daria look at each other with a smile and leave.)

COMMERCIAL BREAK

(All are in the car, Daria in front and Jane in back. It's about 8:30, 
and darkening. Daria and Jane are still in their swimsuit)

Jane: Uh, Trent, could you drop me off at home first. I HAVE to get out 
of this suit. I feel naked.

Daria: Practically

Jane: Shut up. Just let me off at home Trent.

Trent: Whatever

(Trent pulls up in front of the Lane's and Jane opens the door and gets 
out. Before she leaves, she turns and smiles at Daria, who glares back)

Trent: So, Daria, have fun?

Daria (shivering): Yeah.

Trent: Cold?

Daria: Yeah.

Trent: There's a jacket of mine on the floor in front of you. You can 
wear it, if you'd like.

(Daria reaches down and finds a large jean jacket with "Mystik Spiral" 
embroiders on the back. Daria slips it on over her wet swim suit)

Daria: Thanks

(The car pulls up in front of the Morgandorffers)

Daria: I had a good time

Trent: Yeah. Maybe we could do this again sometime.

Daria (sort of smiling) Okay.

Trent: Bye

Daria: Bye

(As Trent's car pulls away, Daria walks up to the door, where she is 
greeted by Helen)

Helen: Have fun?

Daria (A little dreamy eyed): I guess

THE END
