SURPRISE
by Maria Isais

This story takes a couple of years in the future. Daria is now 18.
Things changed a lot. Daria developed a body. She dresses differently
(since it's summer her clothes are a lot smaller and shorter). Even
these things changed she still has the same attitude. When Daria turned
18, she and Trent went out, but two months later they broke up. Daria
hasn't talked to him since they broke up. Daria has been going out with
a guy named Alex. Daria and Alex are not a couple. Trent hates him, and
Jane tolerates him. Trent has been doing everything in his power to get
her back.

Scene #1: At Lanes house. Daria and Jane are talking. Trent is trying to
eavesdrop on their conversation. 

Jane: So what are you doing tonight?
Daria: I'm suppose to go to a party with a Alex.
Jane: Oh, yeah your always with him.
Daria: Yeah, something to do when you leave me to go with Jesse.
Jane: So, when is at this party and where is it?
Daria: It's at a friends of his, and he is going to pick me up 9:00
Jane: Cool (changing the subject) So how did do with the modeling
interview go with Quinn.
Daria: Oh yeah, she didn't get job!...
Jane: Cool.
Daria: Wait it gets better, they said they wanted me instead.
Jane: What?!
Daria: yeah, they wanted someone older, like an collage.
Jane: So what did you say?
Daria: I told the I'll think about.
Jane: Are you going to think about it?
Daria: I already did.
Jane: So are yo going to do it?
Daria: Um, let me think, Not a chance in hell.
Jane: You can use the money they'll give you to and use it to go to
collage.
Daria: Well not exactly...
Jane: Why?
Daria: Besides paying they would pay for the collage. They really want a
collage girl.
Jane: Why?
Daria: So they can prove to everybody that all models are air heads.
Jane: Then why aren't you going to take it?
Daria: I'll have to move to New York.
Jane: Oh
(Daria looks at her watch)
Daria: (While she was running to the door) I have to go make dinner, bye
(Daria got to the door so fast it didn't give enough time for Trent to
hide. Daria opened the door, only to be face to face with Trent)
Trent: Hey Daria.
(Daria looked down to the ground for a few moments then ran down the
stairs, Trent ran after her. Daria opened the door, but before she
could run out Trent grabbed her arm.)
Trent: Talk to me Daria.
(Daria stayed silent)
Trent: At least look at me.
(He turned Daria around to face him, but she just looked down to the
ground.)
Trent: Look at me.
(Daria still looking down)
Trent: God Daria, It wasn't my fault that groupie kissed me.
(Daria now angry, looked up)
Daria: Yeah, but it was your fault you didn't stop her. How long did it
you again, five minutes.
(Daria got loose and ran off.)

Scene #2: Daria got home. Quinn came up to her.

Quinn: Jane called and said you forgot your notebook.
Daria: Is that all.
Quinn: No, Mr.Killerman called too.
Daria: Who?
Quinn: You know the modeling agent.
Daria: Oh yeah, What did he want?
Quinn: To see if you were going to accept.
Daria: I'm surprised you didn't get mad.
Quinn: They're be other offers.
Daria: okay, if thats all, I'm going to me room.
Ouinn: Wait, Alex called too.
Daria: Cool.
(Daria ran up to her room, got the phone. She dialed Alex's number. He
answered.)
Alex: Hello?
Daria: Hey, you called?
Alex: Oh hey Daria. Yeah I called.
Daria: So what did you want?
Alex: Just called to tell you I'll be over to pick you up in an hour.
(Daria looked at her clock and it said it was 8:00, then she looked at
her watch and it said 6:45. Her watch broke again.)
Daria: Opps, so much for dinner.
Alex: Uh?
Daria: Nothing.
Alex: Okay, see ya in an hour, bye.
Daria: Bye.
(Daria hangs up, and starts to get ready. At about 9:10 Alex arrived.
Helen answered the door and invited him in.)
Helen: Daria, your date is here.
Daria: (From upstairs) I'll be down in a minute.
(Helen turns to Alex)
Helen: Nice to see again Alex. 
Alex: (He was tall. With dark, black, wavy hair. Hazel eyes, and a body
to die for.) Nice to see you too mama. (He smiled sweetly)
Helen: Your much better than Daria's last boyfriend, what was his name
again?
Quinn: Teddy
Helen: No I think it was Tom, Tred, no it was Trent.
Quinn: Oh yeah.
(Alex looked confused, this was the first he has heard of Trent.)
Helen: You got a job, go to school...
Quinn: ...is fashionable, drives a Navigator, and your rich...
Helen: ...But most of all your closer at age.
(Daria came down stairs. They left to the party.)

Scene #3: At the Party.

Alex: Come on Daria, try this.
(Hands Daria a drink)
Daria: What is it?
Alex: Just some punch. (Has an evil smile on, witch Daria doesn't see)
Daria: Okay (Daria takes a sip, and suddenly feels dizzy, and weak)
Alex: Want to go upstairs?
Daria: No (suddenly grabbed the counter, she so dizzy. Alex's carries
her to
one of the rooms upstairs, Daria kept saying no.

Scene #4: Lanes house. It's about 5:00 am. Jane is awaken by the
pounding in the front door. She crawls out of bed and goes to the front
door. She opens it, and sees Daria standing there. She is pale, and
crying.)

Jane: Daria! What's wrong?
Daria: (saying between snobs) I told him no.
Jane: You told who no?
Daria: Alex... I said no, he didn't care...he didn't stop.
Jane: He didn't stop what?
Daria: I was too weak to stop him...he put something in my drink...I
said no.
Jane: What did Alex do to you?
Daria: I said no.
Jane: Daria, did he...rap you?
(Daria stated to harder, she didn't stop, not to even answer Jane. Jane
took her upstairs, to her room.)
Jane: Sit here Daria, I'll be right back.
(Jane left the room, and went to Trent's room.)
Jane: Trent! Trent wake up!
Trent: Leave me alone Jane.
Jane: Trent, Daria is here. She looks really bad.
Trent: What is wrong with her.
Jane: Trent, she's crying.
(Trent's eyes widen)
Trent: What happened to her?
Jane: Don't get mad. I think Alex...umm...
Trent: What?
Jane: ...umm...raped her.
Trent: WHAT?!
(Trent runs to Jane's room. Jane followed him. Trent walked into her
room. Daria was sitting on Jane's bed. Her arms were holding her legs.
She was rocking back and forth, her face was white pale and crying.)
Trent: Daria.
Daria: I told him no Trent... he didn't care.
Trent: I know, I know. (He sits next her. She puts her head on his chest
and he strokes her hair.) I'll kill. 
Jane: I'll be sleeping in your room, you try to calm her down.
(Jane leaves, Trent hardly notices her leave)

Scene #5: It took Trent awhile to get her to sleep, but did. Trent was
asleep next to her. His arm around her wrist. Jane walked in.

Jane: Trent I'm going to school and see if i can yell at Alex.
Trent: Wait I want to go with you so I kill him.
Jane: I think Daria needs you right now. 
(Trent looks at Daria and smiles, she looked peaceful. Jane left. Trent
fell back asleep. He woke up and Daria is not next to him. It is about
10:00 am. He gets up and looks for her. Then he realizes she must of
gone
home, and goes looking for her. He arrives at Daria's house. The door is
open, Trent runs in and went to her room. He heard Alex's voice.)
Alex: You better not tell anyone, got it. (He slams Daria to the wall)
(Trent walks in and punches him. They get into a fight. Then Alex left
all bruised up and bleeding. Trent hold Daria, who is crying.)
Trent: It's okay, I'm here.
Daria: oh, Trent I love you.
Trent: I love you too. 
Daria: Never leave me.
Trent: I never will.
(Just then Helen walks in)
Helen: Daria? Trent?
Daria: Mom?
Helen: Jane called me at work and told me to come home now, something
the matter.
Daria: (looks at Trent) I want to talk to my mom alone, come by later,
yeah.
Trent: Are you sure?
Daria: Yeah.
(Trent leaves)
Daria: Mom, we need to talk. 

Scene #6: It the next day, Trent and Jane arrives at Daria's house. They
go to her room. They walk in and see most of her stuff is packed)

Trent: Daria, what's going?
(Daria looks up)
Daria: I have accepted the modeling contract.
Jane: But that means you'll have to go to...
Trent: ...New York.
Daria: Yeah.
Trent: Why?
Daria: I need to think. My mom is going to make sure that Alex get a
long punishment. She's glad I'm leaving, thinks it will do me some good
to get away, dad couldn't desire a mans death anymore, and Quinn is
being really nice to me.(pause) I just need to get away for awhile.
Jane: How long is "awhile"?
Daria: A couple of years.
(Daria says her sad good-byes and left with Mr.Killerman.)

Scene #7: It's Two years later. Lanes house. Trent is asleep. Jane comes
comes rushing into his door.

Jane: Trent! Trent wake up!
Trent: Daria, Sandy stop fighting over me...huh...oh, hey Janey.
Jane: Guess What!
Trent: What?
Jane: Quinn just called and said Daria called from the airport, here in
Landale, and is on her way home!
Trent: Good for her.
Jane: Trent come on, lets go see her.
Trent: Not right now.
Jane: Your still mad at for leaving to New York, aren't you?
Trent: Yes.
Jane: It was two years ago, Trent!
Trent: I'm going to show her how it feels.
Jane: How what feels.
Trent: Waiting.
Jane: Trent, she was waiting for you too, just in New York. And she's
waiting for you now. Come on, you know you want to see her, and hold
her, and kiss her.
Trent: (smiling to himself) Okay, you win.
Jane: Yes! Get some pants on, I'll be down stairs.
(Jane run out. Trent gets up and puts some pants on, then goes to the
bed, and look under moved a few things. Then they took out a shoe box.
He opened it and inside was a small little box. He opened it and inside
was a ring.)
Trent: (smiling) Today is the day.

Scene #8: Mogendorffers home. Daria was there when Trent and Jane
arrived. They all had dinner together and talked. After awhile Trent
asked Daria to go outside with him for a second.

(It was a beautiful night, the moon was full and the stars were out.)
Trent: Daria.
Daria: Yes?
Trent: I love you so much. I waited for you two years, and when you were
younger I waited for till you 18. I never thought a person like me could
love someone this much. I waited so long to this question. Daria will
you...
Jane: Daria! Oh there you are. Jodie and Mack are here.
Daria: I'll be right in. (looks at Trent) What were you asking?
Trent: (Thinking the moment was ruined) Later.
Daria: kay (Walks in the house)
Trent: (walks up to Jane) Thanks a lot.
Jane: What?!

Scene #9: Daria had to go back to New York. Trent was mad. 

Jane: Well see you in a couple of years. I wish Trent could could have
came to say good-bye. 
Daria: I might come back in a couple to visit.
Jane: Cool
(Daria hugs her friend)
Jane: Maybe I can go to New York?
Daria: Yeah that will be great. Umm, tell Trent I'm sorry, yeah.
Jane: Yeah.
Daria: I got to go.
(They hug again)
Jane: Bye
Daria: You only say good-bye to people your aren't going to see again,
see ya later.
Jane: See ya later.
(Daria turns around and starts walking away. But then she hears her
name. It sounds like Trent. But he's no where to be seen. Then she
realizes he on the announcer.)
Trent: Daria Mogendorffer, this is Trent Lane. Daria I you want to be
Daria Lane, come to the information stand. Will you marry me?
(Daria drops her bags and runs to the information stand. Trent is
standing there. Daria runs up to him.)
Daria: YES!
(They hug and kiss. Since everyone in the airport heard Trent everybody
starts clapping.)
Trent: I love you.
Daria: Right back at ya.

The End
