This is my first go at writing this sort of thing, and I'm in Britain so I'm
writing from a few series behind America.

BACKGROUND: Daria is still in school, aged about 17, and Trent still sees her
as just Janey's cool high school friend.  Daria's massive crush on Trent
continues to grow.

                                "Tatoo Tales"

"Awww, go on, don't be shy!"

"No way Janey, just leave me alone.  I need to sleep now."

"When don't you.  Come on, it can't be that bad."  Jane smiled evily.  She was
sitting on the edge of Trent's bed.  He was face down, his speech coming out
muffled through the pillow.

"It'...private.  Now go paint something."

 Jane smirked and walked to her room, eyebrow arched.  She loved to tease him.
Sometimes she felt more like his mom than his little sister, but she knew she
depended on him too. She picked up the phone and hit the speed dial.

"Yo, Daria."

"Ugh, no.  I'll get her for you, though I don't think I should have to, I'm
not her slave and she ties up the phone line for ages while you talk about
your little paintings or whatever and I'm expecting a really important call
from Jamie because Tiffany said he was going to break up with that Kellie girl
so he'll probably be asking me to the party on Saturday which is great because
Sandi is going with the new football player who just transferred from..."

"PLEASE, just get Daria for me before I actually start to care."

"Fine...DARIAAAAAAAAA"

"I've got it"  Quinn slammed down her extension.  "Hi.  You heard the great
news?"

"Yeah, who'd have thought Jamie and Kellie would split up.  We were all
rooting for them to make it too."

"Hmmm.  So, other than for updates on Princess Quinn's madcap whirl of a
 social life, why did you call?"

"Oh, I was just laughing to myself over an amusing little incedent that
happened to Trent last night."

"Trent?"

"Yes, I thought *that* might get your attenion."  Jane arched her eyebrow
again.  This was too easy.

Daria blushed, even though there was no one there to see, she could feel Jane
smirking down the phone line.

"Well."

"Well?"

"Come on, you may as well tell me now you phoned and all."

"But you're not interested for any other reason?"

"mmm"

"Thats not an answer but I'll tell you anyway.  Last night after the Mystik
Spiral gig the band and their groupies - "

"Groupies?"

"Well, groupy...that DarkMoonWolf girl that keeps hanging around them.  Anyway
they went out on the town, what little there is of it, to celebrate Jesse's
birthday.  Trent woke up this morning, well, this afternoon with a new tatoo
he doesn't remember getting."

"A tatoo, ouch.  What of?"

"Dunno.  He won't say. Nor will he say where it is which makes my twisted
little mind highly suspicious."

Daria blushed again.  "So, is that all?"

"All?  Thanks Daria, you make the highlight of my day sound almost trivial!"

"No offence meant.  Wanna go to the Slicery?"

"Naw, I'm broke.  Come round here and watch the year old re-runs of Sick Sad
World."

"I don't know..."  Quinn came into her room without knocking and glared at
her.

"Other members of the family need the phone too.  Stacey is coming over to
have a telephone meeting of the Fashion Club with Sandi and Tiffany at the
Waif Fashion Conference."

"I'll be over in 5."

                           * * * * * * * * * * * *

Trent opened the door and blinked at the light.  "Uh, oh hi Daria.  Janey's in
her room."

"Thanks.  Uh, I'll just go up then.

Trent misread her apprehension to leave his company as curiosity.  "Janey told
you, huh?"

"Oh, er, yeah."

"Well, there's no way.  I mean, thats just between me and Richardo."

"Richardo?"

"The guy at the parlour where I guess I had it done."

"Oh, right.  Well, I'll just go on up then."

"Yeah.  Cool."

Daria scurried up stairs and walked straight into Janes room.  "Jane."

"Yo, Daria.  Trent let you in?"

"Yeah, you gonna take those headphones off?"  Jane glanced at her amusedly and
took off the headphones.

"Did you get any further?"

"No, why did you think I would?  Anyway, shouldn't we be poluting our young
minds with the wastage of a bubblegum culture?"

"Sure."

Jane turned on the TV and turned back to her canvas.

"Are birds watching you through the window?  Airborne perverts, next on Sick
Sad World."

Daria sat on the end of the bed and crossed her legs, deliberatly focusing on
the television and ignoring the expression she knew would be on Janes face.

Trent opened the door after about five minutes, Daria dropped her feet to the
floor, suddenly self concious.

"Whats up?"  Jane was irritated by the interuption.  She been getting some
quality insinuating silence going on, she had hoped Daria would crack, but
there was no chance now Trent had come in.

"Uh, Daria, you're mom rang.  Your meal is on the table, and I think she
sounded quite angry you didn't leave a note.  So, you wanna ride home?"

"Right, er, yes. Thanks. Bye Jane."

"Bye Daria.  You two behave now."

Daria slipped her a look of pure venom.  Trent continued down the stairs
seemingly oblivious to his sisters meaning.

                        * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

Trent's wreck pulled up outside Daria's house, and they sat there with the
engine running.  Daria undid her seatbelt and reached for the door handle when
Trent spoke.  "Uh, Daria...I didn't mean to be, you know, rude earlier.  But,
its a bit, well embaressing."

"Oh, no.  Thats Ok."

"It's just, well, the tatoos on my leg, but its, um, its..."

"Look, you don't have to tell me.  Its none of my business."

"Bugs Bunny."

"Huh?"

"Its of Bugs Bunny.  I didn't want Janey to know because she, well, the
nightmares..."

"Oh, yeah, of course."  Daria knew when Janey was little Bugs Bunny gave her
nightmares.  It was still a sore point.  Daria blushed, thinking how cute it
was Trent cared enough to spare his sisters feelings.

She got out of the car and waved good bye.  Trent sped away without looking at
her.  He pulled up round the corner and rolled up his trouser leg.  He stared
at the tatoo just under his knee.  It was still red, and very sore, but
unmistakable.  He was afraid to think why he'd asked for a tatoo of a red
rose, wrapped around the letter "D".


                                   THE END

By B J Anderson.



Hope you enjoyed it.
