Daria, Jane and all related characters are trademarks of MTV enterprises 2000
used with permission (I can only hope)

Mumm-ra, Mongor, Ma-mutt, and all related characters are trademarks of
Rankin/Bass entertainment 1985 and are used with permission (I can only hope)

Okay a little back story: A couple of years ago I created The Real Adventures
of Daria Morgendorffer a series of personal stories (all of which were
eventually destroyed) that pitted Daria against Johnny Quest-like villains
(i.e. Jeremiah Trent) My prized story was called Liberty Play and pitted Daria
(and special guests the Simpsons), against the evil Ezekiel DeMartino. Anyway
long story short, I dumped the Quest format and made Daria and Jane into
heroes with James-Bond like gadgets and fight the fiendish Mumm-ra(from
Thundercats)  and his plans to rule the world. (Of course they also battled
other villains he was just their arch-enemy.) In this story Mumm-ra uses his
powers to create a villain that Daria has clashed with several times: the
Nega-Daria, her evil twin. So if you like action, weird gadgets, and
incredible battles....go read someone else's story. But mine's pretty good
too.

Feel free to borrow any elements of this story(including Nega-Daria) for your
own equally creative stories. Enjoy.

The 2 Sides of a Cynic
by Chrisfab@netzero.net

It was a dark night in Cario, Egypt and Mumm-ra, the Everliving wouldn't ask
for anything better.  Ever since a dimensional portal freed him from Third
Earth he had sought numerous times to rule our planet. The one flaw in his
plan was a pair of troublesome teenagers Daria Morgendorffer and her friend
Jane Lane who had thwarted his earlier schemes. But tonight was different for
tonight he had a diabolical plan. "Yes yes" he said evily "at last a spell
that will enable me to destroy that miserable Daria Morgendorffer hahahahaha.
And all I need" he said "is a strand of her hair" With that he turned to the
left. There was a group of rock warriors known as shapti*, Mumm-ra created
them to do his evil bidding. "Go my shapti bring me a hair from my intended
victims." Mumm-ra said. The shapti obeyed and teleported out, "soon Ma-mutt
that foolish girl will feel my wrath hahahahaha"

Meanwhile back in Lawndale Daria and her friend Jane were watching television
"Call me crazy but I think these Sick Sad world  topics get worse every day"
said Jane "Okay your crazy" Daria replied.  Suddenly the phone rang . "Who
could that be?" Daria asked  "A crazed telemarketer?" asked Jane "Possibly
that or some nut" said Daria and picked up the phone" hello?" "Daria it's me
Jodie" she said "there's some shapti detected in town" "Shapti huh any idea
what they want?" "Not a clue" their confidant and gadgetmaker replied. "Okay
were on it bye" and she hung up the phone "Jane we've got problems, more
shapti" "Again? This makes what now three attacks this week?" Jane asked. "Hey
as defenders of truth and justice we must defend everyone even if they are
self-absorbed jerks" Daria said. "Okay" Jane said "but let's hurry back or
we'll miss our show" The 2 girls then rushed out the door and ran through the
streets. "How will we find them?" Jane asked "perhaps that large group of
spear carrying rock creatures could help us" Daria said sarcastically. "Real
funny" Jane said then turned to the shapti  "hey rock piles behind you" The
shapti turned around just as Jane whipped out her paintbrush. "let's paint the
town red rocky" she said and fired. Her paintbrush missile made direct contact
with the shapti blowing him to pieces. Daria on the other hand encountered 2
of the evil warriors. "Okay guys let's not do anything you might regret..or
something I would anyway" In a manner of minutes Daria's lazer pen was
activated and she zapped them. "Those shapti always fall to pieces over their
job" she remarked. Jane used her spinning palette disk to behead one, then
used the head to bowl over two others. "All right a strike" she said "Jane one
shaptis zero." "Good work partner" Daria said "looks like you finished the
last ones." "Yeah well after all the times we've battled them you get a knack
for it eventually" she said. "still I wonder what they wanted here?" "What do
you think probably trying to destroy us again" Daria said. "Oh yeah good
point" Jane said then looked at her watch. "whoa look at the time we've got to
get back before the show ends." The 2 girls quickly turned tail and rushed
home, unbeknownst to them the stranger in the bushes. When they had left a
shapti left the cover of the bush and walked down the street they had came.
Sure enough while they had ran over they had lost strands of hair, the shapti
grabbed several of the strands then disappeared.

Back at Mumm-ra's pyramid the shapti arrived and delivered the hair to it's
master. "Ah excellent the ingredient I need to spell Daria's doom." he said.
Taking the hair he dropped it in his cauldron then called "oh great spirits of
evil use your powers and give life, evil life to these hairs." Suddenly the 4
statues surrounding his cauldron shot blasts of energy into the cauldron and
the water began to boil and swirl. Ma-mutt whimpered and cowered in fear
behind his evil master while Mumm-ra stood on. soon 2 shapes began to form in
the water and slowly they developed features: legs, bodies, arms, etc. Mumm-ra
stood and laughed evily as his creatures came to fruition "at last the beings
I need to destroy Daria" he said. Soon the creatures developed full form and
became human. "At last behold the Nega-Daria and Nega-Jane" Mumm-ra exclaimed.
It was true the 2 evil beings looked like their counterparts. Nega-Daria
looked and spoke like Daria but her hair was light brown and ended in split
ends. She wore the same clothes as Daria only different colors: a black jacket
(with flames on the cuffs and the bottom) and gray boots and skirt. Nega-Jane
looked like her counterpart but wore a green vest. Also her shorts and boots
were black and her leggings were dark gray. The 2 looked around then spoke
"You must be Mumm-ra the everliving" asked Nega-Daria "I am." "let me guess
you probably want us to destroy our good twins is that right?' Nega-Daria
asked. "Exactly" Mumm-ra said "suits me fine" said Nega-Daria "I'd like a
chance to nail my sarcastic twin" "Ditto" Nega-Jane piped in. "Now I must rest
to conserve my power" Mumm-ra said "but tomorrow you shall show me what you
can do" "Not a problem Mumm-ra" Nega-Daria said "good" Mumm-ra said and he
drifted into his sarcophagus. "So what are we going to do?" asked Nega-Jane
"For now we obey that mummy moron" Nega-Daria said "but once I obtain certain
equipment we are outta here." "You are incredibly evil" Nega-Jane said "Duh
i'm an evil twin stupid" Nega-Daria replied.

The next morning was a typical one at the Morgendorffer house. Jake was up
eating breakfast and swearing over the contents of the mornings news. "Dammit
food prices have gone up again what has this world come to?" he asked. "There
there Jake" his wife Helen said reassuring him "I'm sure that not all the food
has been raised." "yeah" said Daria "I'm certain they wouldn't raise the price
of doughnuts because then no one would eat breakfast" "Hey yeah you're right"
Jake exclaimed. "Umm thanks for that social commentary dear" Helen said. Soon
Quinn joined the happy little group "can't stay for breakfast mom I've got to
get to school" she said. "Why" asked Daria "you have another date that has
something you want to use?" "No any way it's none of your business Daria"
Quinn replied angrily. "Good" said Daria "I didn't feel like throwing up I
just had breakfast after all." "Ha ha" Quinn said sarcastically and walked
away. "I do wish you girls would try to get along" Helen said "You're better
off wishing for world peace" Daria replied and left the table. Daria soon
walked her way down to Jane's house and knocked on the door. "Ohh hi Daria"
Trent said "Oh hi Trent" said Daria "is Jane ready yet?" "Whoa I think so" he
turned inside "hey Janey Daria's here" In a manner of minutes Jane was at the
door 'thanks Trent" she said and shut the door. "What's the problem?" Daria
asked "none of the usual try to set me up with your brother tricks" "Nah it
was an inappropriate moment" she replied. "anyway did you discover what those
rockbrains were doing here last night?" "No I'm sure it was just another
routine assassination attempt." Daria replied. "Yeah still we should check in
with Jodie to see what new equipment she has for us" Jane said "A good idea if
Mumm-ra's goons are hanging out around here we'll need refills of weaponry"
Unknown to our heroines, a pair of evil figures watched them from afar. "Can
we fry those goodie goods yet?" asked Nega-Jane. "No first we've got to deal
with old man rags and his goons, then those brats are ours" "Ohh nasty"
Nega-Jane replied.

Daria and Jane soon arrived at school and were opening their lockers when
Jodie came over. "Hey guys" she said the whispered "how goes the rock
situation?" 'All handled thanks, once again to your gizmos" Jane said "That
reminds me" Daria said "after school we need to stop at the "lab" and pick up
some new devices" "Not a problem" said Jodie "speaking of devices I wish you
create one that would make Kevin and Brittany disappear." Jane commented as
the dimwit duo walked over. "Hey Daria" said Kevin "what are you guys talking
about?" "Jodie was telling us her idea to make a new improved football helmet"
Daria replied. "Cool" said Kevin "how does it work" "it's very simple" Jane
said "you wear it, bash your head a few times and end up dumber then you are
already." "Uhh....cool" Kevin said, "when can we expect to see this new
helmet?" Brittany asked. "At the next football game, we'll replace Kevin's
usual one." Daria answered. "Great" said Kevin "well catch you later" and he
and Brittany walked away. "Do you think Kevin will notice there is no new
football helmet?" Jane asked. "The way he plays he probably won't remember we
even had this conversation, come on let's get to class." Daria answered.

After school Daria, and Jane followed Jodie back to her house. "Mom a couple
of friends are coming over for a while!" Jodie shouted. "Okay honey" her mom
replied back from the other room. "Okay guys lets go" she said and opened the
door to her basement. When she was down the stairs she approached another more
boarded up door.  Jodie opened it and turned on the light. The room was filled
with all manner of test tubes and technological devices. "Come over to my
project table and I'll show you my newest developments" she said. "Jodie my
friend you never cease to amaze me" Jane said looking at what appeared to be
some sort of lazer weapon. "Well it helps that you guys supply me with reward
money for criminals so that I can design and build these things" she said
"Anyway for you Daria I have this, it looks like a normal eraser, but it you
rub it against a hard surface it will spark" "Just perfect for the junior
arsonists kit" Daria said. "And for you Jane I have this, it's concentrated
gunpowder disguised as artists chalk Just use it, set it on fire and watch the
results." "Thanks this will fool those damn brats down the street who keep
wanting to borrow my chalk." "Thanks for the gear Jodie I'm sure will find
good uses for it" Daria said. "Your welcome, now you had better get home, I'll
let you know of any upcoming events" "Okay so long" said Jane and the 2 girls
left the house.

"Boy that was nice now we've got some nice new gadgets" Jane replied. "Yeah
now if we only had something to try them out on" Daria said. Suddenly a band
of shapti rushed from concealed hiding places. "Be careful what you say next
time Daria" Jane said as she  prepared one of her paintbrushes. "Well well we
meet again" said a voice from in front of them, the 2 girls turned to see
Mongor, an evil goat standing there. "Mongor I should have guessed Mumm-ra
would send a fleabag like yourself to head this group." Jane replied. "Clever
young one, destroy them!" he shouted. Jane readied her paintbrush but a blast
from one of the blasting spears disarmed her. "Hey" she said and attempted to
pick up her lost weapon. Daria meanwhile used her lazer pen to slice through
one shapti, but Mongor taking advantage of this distraction, swung his sickle.
"Uhh" Daria groaned as she dodged the blade, however 2 shapti grabbed her from
behind. "Hey Jane a little help here" she said "love to Daria but as you can
see I've got my own problems" said Jane as she fought off a shapti. His spear
knocked away her weapon and before she could reach for a new one, one grabbed
her from behind. "Excellent all is going according to plan" Mongor said and
turned to his left "get the truck." Soon a large white truck, driven by 2
shapti drove up. "Now for you two" he said to Daria and Jane and sprayed a
white threadlike substance from his fingers, instantly wrapping up the girls.
"That should hold them" he said and turned to his troops "put them in" the
shapti opened the trucks door and tossed the 2 girls in, then they piled in
the back and drove off. "Daria" Jane whispered "where do you think they're
taking us?" "Id' rather not know" Daria replied.

Soon the truck came to a stop outside an old warehouse on the outskirts of
town. "Okay grab the girls and bring them inside" Mongor ordered. The shaptis
picked up the girls and took them inside the warehouse. They set them down on
chairs and tied them up. "Thanks for the convenient service" Jane said, "shut
up fools" Mongor said "Mumm-ra should be here shortly and then the fun will
begin." "In the meantime" he said grinning "why don't you meet some friends of
ours?" he whistled and the evil twins revealed themselves from the shadows.
"What the?" asked an amazed Jane "it's me only with worse fashion sense."
"They are your evil twins created by Mumm-ra to destroy you" Mongor replied.
"Right" said Nega-Daria "oh and goat boy bad news seems your boss won't be
showing up tonight....or ever" "What do you mean?" Mongor asked "well seems
that while you were out me and  Nega-Jane masterminded a series of electronics
robberies.." "You said that was to create a machine to help Mumm-ra" Mongor
replied. "It did help him it helped him right back to where he came from and
now that we've sent him back..." "You're next" Nega-Jane finished. "No I'll
destroy you" Mongor shouted charging at them with his sickle upraised. "That's
very unlikely" Nega-Daria said, and she revealed she was standing next to he
machine "Hasta la vista goat man" she said firing up the machine whoosh! it
fired a beam of lazer energy than opened into a wormhole. "What ahhhh nooo!"
Mongor shouted as he unwittingly ran into the hole. "Game over man" Nega-Daria
said and she turned off the machine.

"Listen we appreciate you evil twins disposing of Mumm-ra and his friends for
us but I really want to know why?" Jane asked. "Simple enough" Nega-Daria said
"Mumm-ra created us to destroy you, once we had done so, we would be worthless
and would be destroyed. We couldn't have that you see I have plans for this
world, and he didn't fit in any of them. But the last of his emissaries is
gone now so no one ,except for you, can stop me" "Okay my turn" Daria said
"how were you made?" "From strands of hair and lots of dark magic, I was
created to be your evil twin I would do things that you wouldn't ever think of
doing, like blowing up your school, or picking out matching clothes, or even
kissing your friends very attractive musician brother." "Hey she likes Trent
how about that, and also Daria probably would blow up ourr school" Jane said
"Stuff it, and  I'd rather destroy art than create it." Nega-Jane said. "You
twin bastard" Jane replied.  "So what now the usual explain your plan then
destroy us thing?" asked Daria. "Wrong you'll hear my plan but you can also
watch as I put it into fruition." "Great can we have popcorn?" Jane asked.
"You see" Nega-Daria said "I know I can't reproduce the dark magic that
Mumm-ra used to create me, but if I recreated it as a beam of the exact
frequency and power I could use it to make evil twins of everyone in the
world, starting with this little burg." "And let me guess you have the
technology to do so?" Daria said. "Oh indeed those robberies weren't just for
parts to my portal device. Why look around even as we speak these shapti are
assembling my device, and soon it will be ready for use."  "Well I must say
you certainly thought this through but where do we fit in?"  Daria said. "well
my 'twin' " Nega-Daria said almost spitting out the word, "I went through all
this trouble to bring you here so I could destroy you personally"  "I feel so
important" Daria replied, "your sarcastic barbs are as dry as I figured they'd
be, I feel upset that I'm the twin of such a worthless individual." "Well I
don't see you dispensing much more humorous sarcasm" Daria said. "I would"
said Nega-Daria " but I have more important things to attend to namely world
domination. Speaking of which", she said turning around "I believe my machine
is complete so I must bid you adieu." With that she walked over to the machine
and began the startup. "Daria you're evil twin is a real jerk" Jane said.
"That's for sure" "so any ideas on how we can escape?" Jane asked. "Well I do
have one story it's about a girl who grabs a lazer pen from her pocket and
uses it to cut her bonds" Daria said. "Great how long is it?" Jane asked "Oh
I'd say another five seconds" Daria replied. Instantly the ropes around her
hands fell away, she then quickly untied her feet then slipped Jane the pen.
"Well Daria are you ready to watch your sordid little burg become a sordid
little burg of evil?" Nega-Daria asked. "Thanks but I'll pass" Daria replied,
Nega-Daria turned around just as Daria lunged at her. "What I don't know how
you got free but I'll make you wish you hadn't shapti attack!" she shouted.
The shapti rushed forward spears a firing, suddenly one exploded for no
reason. "What the..?" asked Daria and turned over to see Jane blowing off
smoke from a paintbrush missile. "Hi partner" she said "here catch" and she
hurled the lazer pen. Daria caught it and used it to carve the next shapti
into rubble. Two of the fiends rushed a t Jane firing their spears, she ducked
and the blasts destroyed them. "They should aim better" Jane mused. The final
2 shapti charged at the girls "These ones are mine" Jane said and fired off a
pair of her missiles, they contacted and destroyed them. "Good work Jane now
lets finish off this evil machine" Daria said, "not so fast" a voice said, the
girls turned around to discover Nega-Daria and Nega-Jane leveling futuristic
like weapons at them. "Nice guns where'd you get them Libya?" Daria asked , "I
built them, weaponry is one of my skills." Nega-Daria replied. "Good but can
you can you pat your head and rub your tummy at the same time?" Jane asked.
"No but I can destroy a pair of annoying teenagers who are planning to ruin my
schemes. I've waited a whole day for this" she said cocking her weapon.
Suddenly Daria rushed forward and tackled her twin, Nega-Jane leveled her gun
and tried to shoot her but a kick from Jane felled her. "Jane stop the
machine" Daria ordered, "aye aye captain" Jane said mockingly and rushed over.
"Hmm okay this control pad looks hard top use guess I'll have to destroy this
thing, but with what I'm out of missiles.?" She thought for a moment then
realized "of course the explosive chalk" she grabbed it a drew a series of
patterns on the machine. "Now all I need is something to light it with." Jane
said, 'How about my lazer blasts" asked Nega-Jane who had recently recovered
and now was firing at Jane. "Hey easy you could kill some...oh right" Jane
said, "so long miss artist send my regards to Picasso." Nega-Jane said. "I
would but I'm not VanGough-ing anywhere." Jane said and she whipped out her
palate. It knocked the gun out of her hands and Jane felled her twin with a
quick punch. "Daria quick the eraser give it tome" Jane shouted. "In a minute
I'm a little busy here" said Daria as she struggled with her twin "prepare to
die sarcastabitch**" Nega Daria said. "You'd think the evil me wouldn't have
to make up her own words. "Daria said and punched her twin in the face while
she recoiled, Daria tossed Jane the eraser. Jane then drew a chalk line on the
floor, sparked eraser and lit the chalk. Nega-Daria had recovered and at that
time saw the flame line "no!" she shouted but it was too late, the flame went
to the large diagram of chalk and the machine exploded. "No you ruined all my
plans" Nega-Daria shouted, "was that a bad thing?" Jane asked. "Now you and
you artsy companion shall never leave here alive." Nega-Daria said and she
raised her weapon, but as luck would have it a piece of falling debris landed
on the gun. "Damn" Nega-Daria said and after blowing out the fire she
retrieved her broken weapon, "Nega-Jane come on lets get out of here" Her
companion got up and quickly hurried to the nearby truck. "Daria I think we
should take the advice of our twins and blow this joint before it blows" Jane
said. "Point taken" Daria replied and the 2 girls rushed out. Two minutes
later the warehouse exploded. "Well this will make the news for sure" Jane
commented.

Later that day Daria and Jane where watching the news on TV. "It seems a
warehouse in a section of Lawndale was destroyed today in an explosion. No
word yet as to what caused the explosion, although police say machine parts,
namely those stolen from certain labs were recovered in the explosion." "Oh my
God a warehouse exploded right here in our own town" Jake said. "Oh dear and
where were you girls when this happened?" asked Helen, "over at Jane's" was
all Daria would reply. "well thank God you weren't anywhere near that
explosion, honestly some people can be so careless think how much of the city
that could have taken out.." Helen ranted. Daria ignored her as she and Jane
went up to her room. "So Jodie" Daria called on the cell phone "did you see
the news?" "I sure did" she replied "it was Mumm-ra's doing right?" "Not
exactly we met up with our evil twins he created, they sent Mumm-ra and Mongor
back to where they came from and tried to rule the world the standard villain
thing." "So Mumm-ras' gone?" "Yeah but this evil twin of mine is even worse
and I have a feeling we'll meet again." "I hope not for your sake well bye"
"Yeah so long" Daria said, and hung up the phone "just great one of our major
enemies is defeated but now we've got an even worse one to contend with."
"Relax Daria we beat her once we can do it again" Jane said "and besides who's
to say she'll ever come back to this burg again anyway?" "I suppose your right
Jane" said Daria "now let's see what Sick Sad World has in store for us
tonight." And they sat down to watch TV.

* the shapti are actually from a show called Mummies alive, but Mumm-ra had no
henchmen and I figured what the hell they're both Egyptian, they can serve
Mumm-ra.

** sarcastibitch is a word I heard on an episode of the Drew Carey Show. I was
looking for a chance to use it and I figured an evil person would think it was
a good word to describe(or insult) Daria
