The Discovery 
by Mitch 

Daria woke up to an annoying beeping sound. It was, of course, the alarm. She tapped it
before groggly getting out of bed. Struck with the nausea she had been having lately, she
rushed to the bathroom and threw up. After recovering she got dressed and went to the
kitchen. She still felt sick, so she bit into a granola bar. She had to delever an article to her
editor that day,so she had to hurry. Trent was still sleeping, as usual, so Daria left a note on
the refrigerator: 

Dear Trent, 
Off to drop off article. 
Back soon. 
Love, 
Daria 

Just as she was about to leave, the phone rang. Daria sighed and answered it. "Hello?"
"Hello sweetie! Happy birthday!" "Uh, thanks Mom." "Your welcome, Daria. How are you
and...Todd..." "His name is Trent, Mom. I told you when we were dating, and at the
engagement party, and at the wedding..." "Uh, well, are you and your...husband...doing
anything...special tonight?" "The last and only time we did anything 'special' was a few
months ago, why?" "Well, today's your 30th birthday, honey." "Oh. Well, Trent and I were
going to have a nice lasagna dinner, watch 'Sick Sad World:The Next Editions' and sleep."
"Oh. Well, that sounds nice, dear. Uh, what did you mean when you said 'something special
months ago'?" "Well, I was in a bit of a rut in my writing carrer at the time, we were both at
home, and...well, use your imagination." Daria could hear Helen sputter on the other end
and smiled. She always wanted to do that sort of thing to Helen. 

Daria wished Helen a nice day and hung up. The 30-year-old magazine writer was now
delayed, but she almost felt it was worth it. She got the article she printed out the night
before, went to the car, and drove off into the streets of the city of Woodland in the year
2011. As she got to the publisher's offices, she remembered her doctor's appointment that
afternoon. Good thing she had her cel phone to call Trent. 

As always, her editor wondered why she insisted on writing on paper. "I don't. I write it on
the computer and then print it out. When I was a kid, I used to write on paper all the time. It's
my life." "Look, Mrs. Morgendoffer-Lane, this is an 'Internet' magazine. In fact, everything:
newspapers, former TV programs, movies, even cartoons, are all on the Internet. It's more
modern that way." "You mean its more 'popular' that way." The editor grunted and gave her
the paycheck. Daria smerked. This reminded her of some of the incidents involving her
teachers in her High School years back in Highland, TX. and later in Lawndale. 

Back in her car, Daria got out her cel phone. Trent 'might' be up by now...BRIIIIINNNNG.
"Hey." "Hey, Trent." "Hey, Daria." "Did you just get up?" "Yeah." "Did you see my note?"
"No. Oh, wait. I just saw it." "Well, I'm afraid I may be out later than expected. I have to go
see the doctor." "Why...oh, yeah, that." "You remembered." "I listen." "That's what I like
about you, Trent." If only Helen and Jake had a relationship like their's..."Well, hope your
okay. I'll probably be practicing my guitar..." "OK, rebal. See you later."--CLICK-- 

"So, what is it Doc? I'm not found of spending an hour of my time sitting on a bench in a
hospital gown." The doctor looked at his report and smiled, "Well, Ms.
Morgendoffer-Lane," he said, "I hope you're not planning to do any strenuous activities
soon." Oh, really. Darn it. I was going to bungee jump this weekend right after my husband
and I go skiing." "Well, I'm sorry to screw with your plans...", this guy had never heard of
sarcasm, "but...hey wait a minute. 'Husband', what's that?" Daria sighed. First, the concept
of marrage disappeared from the minds of society and now, it looked like "commitment"'s
turn. She felt like an endangered species. "Never mind. Just tell me if I'll see tommarrow or
not." "Oh, you should. You have a good reason to." "What's that?" asked Daria. "Your
pregnant." 

Chapter 2 

Daria drove back home feeling more disoriented than she had been in her 30 year-old life.
About an hour or so, she had learned news that had changed her entire perception of
reality. The only thing that seemed to matter right now for her was to tell Trent... 

"Hey, Daria", said Trent after answering the door. "Hey, Trent", said Daria, "I...I have some
news." "From the hospital?" "Yeah." Trent sighed before saying "I knew it would be
something bad if you didn't call on the way home about it." "Well, I wanted to say it to your
face." Trent looked at her eyes and said, "Well, whatever it is, we can sort it out. We always
do. So what is it?" "I think you...I think we should both sit down." 

Inside, they both sat down on the "love seat" that Jane got then for their first anniversery.
Daria felt a little easier with a soft seat under her and Trent beside her. However, she
noticed that Trent was looking nervious, almost pale, seemily expecting very 'bad' news. 

"Can I...get you anything, Daria?" asked Trent. Daria didn't want to postphone the news
much longer, but she figured she might need something. "Howabout a glass of water?"
"Sure, Daria." Trent went into the kitchen. Daria could hear water guzzeling from the
facsuit. Her husband came back with an almost full glass and a shaky hand carrying it.
Some of the water at the top was pouring out along the way. "Uh, sorry," "That's alright,"
said Daria as she took the glass and patted the adjoing pillow on the couch for Trent to sit
on. Trent sat, looking pale. Daria took a sip of her water, looked in Trent's eyes and said,
"Trent, I'm pregnant." 

Trent's eyes widened before his jaw dropped. He stared at Daria in disbelief until her
silence confirmed her seriousness. "How..." "Five months ago." "Oh, yeah. That." His eyes
widened again before nerviously taking her hand. "Daria, I..." "I know, Trent. I know." They
held each other and Daria whispered "Thank you." "Daria, I...I think I love you now more
than ever." "So do we, Trent," Daria said softly, "so do we..." The two of them couldn't help
but feel warm for the rest of the day... 

News for Jane 

Jane's car pulled up to Daria and Trent's house. She couldn't believe how two completly
different people with such all-but-incompatable lives...then she realized that she just
badmouthed one of the best relationships she ever knew, one which she tried to create.
With all thoughts aside, she opened the trunk and got Daria's birthday present. Jane
couldn't wait to show it to them. Jane would've walked to the door...if she was anyone but
Jane. No, Lanes were born to be sneaky, and Jane was one of the sneakiest. She walked
over to a window and tried to peek in through the curtains covering it from inside. She
could see her two friends holding each other on the couch, more lovingly than passionately.
That's what she always liked about them, a relationship based on actual caring rather than
hormones, not like Kevin and Brittney... 

Jane figured she would come back later, her secret smile turning to a disappointed sigh.
Obviously, the two lovebirds were "busy" with each other right now, and she would be the
last person to disturb them. As she walked back to her car, she remembered she left her
present at the front porch. As she went back to retreive it, the front door opened... 

"Jane?" asked Daria. "Uh, hola," said an awkward feeling Jane. "What are you doing
here?" "Uh, passing through?" "-sigh-.Come in, Jane." "Hey, it's okay. If you two
are...um...occupied, I'll come back later." "Actually, I couldn't be more glad that your here
now." "Oh, well, thanks." 

"Hey, Janey," said Trent. "Yo, Trent." "It's great to see you." "Same here. How are you two
doing?" "Uh, Jane," said Daria, "I think you should sit down." Jane felt some forboding from
that statement, but she wanted to look brave. "That's alright. I'll stand." "Well, could I get you
anything?" asked Daria. "Howabout a coke?" asked Jane. "Sure. I'll go get one," said
Daria as she left toward the kitchen. Jane turned to a nervious looking Trent. "Trent, what's
the matter?" asked Jane with concern in her voice. "Well, I'm not sure if I'm the one to tell
you, Janey..." "That's okay, Trent," said Daria with a coke in her hand which she offered to
Jane, "We'll both tell her." "Well," said Jane beforw she took a sip of her soda, "what's the
word?" The couple gulped before saying, "We're pregnant." Jane spit her drink out all over
the floor. 

"Uhhh, sorry," said Jane after a moment of awkward silence spent on staring at the floor.
"That's alright," said Daria, "we'll clean it up later." "Uhhh, did you just say..." "Yes." "Uhhh,
o...kay," said Jane. She was lost for words. "I...uh...thought you guys were waiting for this..."
"There was an...unexpected circumstance," said Trent. "Wow," said Jane to herself. "You
know," Jane said out loud, "I don't know if I ever saw you guys as natural parents. I figured
you would adopt or something." "I guess we'll never know," said Trent smiling. "Not unlees
various people had been writing different stories about our future," said Daria. The three of
them snickered at that remark. "Have you told anyone else this," asked Jane. "No, you're
the first." "Wow," Jane said again. Then she remembered... 

"Oh, yeah!" Jane went outside and got the present she brought which she handed to Daria.
"Here! Open it!" A suprised Daria unwraped what seemed to be a canvas. Under the
wrapping was a painting of herself, Trent, and Jane all looking like they were made from
watercolor. Jane's frendslook at her before they simultaniously said, "Thanks." "Happy
birthday, Daria," said Jane to her almost-sister turned sister-in-law. She looked down to
Daria's stomach. "I can't believe it but I love it." Jane looked at Daria's face again and said,
"When the kid's head pops up, gimmie a call." "we were going to anyway," said Daria as
she hugged someone who was once her only friend and still was a friend. 

That night, Jane was feeling rather...special. 

THE END 