 The New Chick
Opening song lalalalala

Scene 1 :Lawndale High School
(Daria walking to her locker with Jane the clock says 8:24 there almost late 
for class)
Daria:We better hurry or were gonna be late
Jane:So why do you care? Its not like you had anything important to do
Daria:Yeah I guess your right
(Jane laughs but Daria just gives a faint smile)
Daria:You know what?
Jane:what?
Daria:I forgot to do my homework
Jane:Woah thats a first
Jane:so u doing anything interesting tonight Daria?
(Daria looks at her locker and theres a girl standing right beside it shes 
blonde and is wearing a long black skirt boots a baggy white sweater and big 
thick coke bottle glasses)
Daria:what Jane?
Jane:I said what are you doing this weekend?
Daria:nothing
(The girl grops her backback on the ground and a bunch of books fall down on 
Daria's foot)
Girl:OMIGOD IM soo sorry
Daria:ouuuchhh!
Jane:Its ok shell be fine in an hour
(Daria shoots Jane a painful look)
Girl:oh by the way my name is Crystie
Jane:hey Crystie
Crystie:Hey and u are?
Jane:my name is Jane and the girl laying on the floor holding her foot is 
Daria.
Crystie:Hi Daria
(daria still in pain)
Daria:Hey
Crystie:so hows this school?
Daria:If you like hell than....
(Jane inturupting)
Jane:Its ok Right DARIA
Daria:right
(as they are speaking Quinn Sandy and the other troops are coming there way)
Quinn:And Do u think my hair looks better up or down because Jesse said it 
looked cute up and Jamie said it looked better down and Joey says he likes it 
both ways and ....Sandy??.....Sandy???
Sandy:Um..whos that weird looking girl over there talking to your cousin or 
whatever.
Quinn: i dont know Sandy who is she?
Jane:Oh god here comes the Fashion snobs
Crystie:the who?
Daria:its the Fashion club stuck up socialites who think there better than 
everyone else and there main purpous in life is to be cute and were alot of 
makeup
Crystie:oh
Quinn:Um...Girl can you come here
Crystie:who me?
Quinn:Take off your glasses for a second
Crystie:why?
Quinn:Because its my duty to make sure girls who has perfect potential to be 
cute  are cute.
Crystie:Um...yeah....I gotta get to class bye.
Quinn and Sandy:No wait a minute!!
Crystie:Um in really gotta get to class.
Sandy:Fashion always comes before school.
(Daria realizing that Crystie needs help says)
Daria:come on Crystie lets go talk to your boyfriend you know the really hott 
popular senior (wink wink) 
Crystie:AH what OH yeah him ok lets
Daria:ok
Quinn:no wait
Crystie:what?!
Quinn:Meet me at my house after school for a surprise.
Crystie:um...ok sure were do u live
Quinn:ask Daria shell tell you
Crystie:ok bye
Quinn:bye

Commercial we see Crystie dropping the books on darias foot.
lalalalalalala

Scene Two

(The Morgindorfers house)
(Enter we see Daria sitting on her bed studying for a test and she hears 
Quinn talking to someone)
Quinn:you know you really do look a whole lot better.
Girl:are you sure?
Quinn:yeah you look really cute
(Daria walks in Quinns room)
Daria:Quinn will you shutup im trying to study
(Darias mouth drops open when she sees the girl Quinn was talking to)
Girl:Hey Daria!!
Daria:(Still shocked) Hey Crystie??
Crystie:yeah
Daria:what did you do to her Quinn?
Quinn:what dont you like it?
Daria:But she she looks like one of you!!
Quinn:yeah isnt it great?
Daria:GREAT!!? she looks like a Slut!!
Crystie:HEY!
Daria:well no offence but you do.
Daria:The tight pink jumper the High heeled black shoes what have you done to 
her Quinn?
Quinn:I made her look good so what you should try it sometime.
(Daria just walks out of the room discusted)
Crystie:what did I do?
Quinn:I donno why shes so mad....
Crystie:I do
Quinn:why?
Crystie:because shes jelous that you became my friend first and she didnt.
Quinn:what!? just because i gave you a makeover doesnt mean im your friend.
Crystie:what?
Quinn:yeah well your gonna return the dress its no big deal
Crystie:why would you say that?
Quinn:well its true
Crystie:You know Daria was right all along.
Quinn:yeah go ahead and think that and get out of my room then,
Crystie:WELL YEAH BYE
(Crystie comes into Darias room)
Daria:Go away im studying
Crystie:Ok well i understand.
Daria:go hang out with your new friends.
Crystie:ok what new friends 
Daria:what?
Crystie:she ditched me
Daria:Told ya so
Crystie:oh dont start
(both smile)
Crystie:well I guess i gotta go home now
Daria:ok see you at school tommorow 

THE END
