                        The First Boyfriend
It was a typical day in Lawndale. Daria Morgendorffer and her best
friend Jane Lane were walking to school. Neither of the girls were
talking and the silence was uncomfortable. Finally, Jane looked over at
Daria and said "what would you say if I told you that I set you and
Trent up on a date?"

Daria looked over at Jane and in a horrified voice she said "JANE LANE,
YOU DIDN'T!!!!"

Jane looked down at her feet nervously and mumbled, "yeah, I ummm sorta
did"

"Jane, I can't believe you. What kind of friend are you?? I thought I
could trust you!!" Daria fumed. Jane looked hurt.

"I was just trying to help speed things up with you and Trent! You don't
have to get so freakin' mad Daria!" Jane yelled.

"Welll.. ok whatever, I'll go on the freakin' date with your brother,
but if you ever even THINK of doing something like this to me again, I
SWEAR I will kill you!" Daria answered.


That night........

Daria was in her room, deciding what to wear on her date. Hmmmm, she
thought, should I wear a green jacket or a green jacket?? Wow, hard
decision. Daria decided on an orange t-shirt, black skirt, green jacket
and combat boots (sound familiar?). She ran a brush through her hair and
put on some lipstick(yes LIPSTICK). She was secretly glad that Jane did
this. At least now she didn't have to ask him herself.

Just then the doorbell rang, Quinn yelled, "I'LL GET IT!!!!!!!!!"

Daria yelled back, "SHUT UP QUINN, IT'S FOR ME ANYWAY!!!"
She walked down the stairs and opened the door, there was Trent, he
wasn't dressed up or anything. "Hey Daria," he said.

"Hi Trent," Daria said without enthusiasm. In Trent's car, Trent asked,
"so Daria.. what do you want to do tonight??"

"I thought we could just go out for pizza and umm go to the arcade or
something" Daria answered nervously.

"Sounds cool Daria." Trent started the car and they were off to Pizza
King.


Later that night, as Trent was driving Daria home he said, "uh, Daria?"

"Yes?" She responded.

"I uh umm, really like you. I know I'm a few years older than you but I
think we can give this relationship thing a try" Trent said uncertainly.

Daria looked at Trent, astonished and said, "Yeah why not?"


At the Morgendorffer house Trent and Daria got out of the car. Daria
looked at Trent and Trent looked at Daria. They kissed a deeply
passionate kiss.

Daria knew that this was going to be a very beautiful relationship.

THE END
