The Path Less Trodden 
by Dante Tremere 

Written May 28, 2007 to Jane Lane Brooke 

Dear Jane, 

I was walking downtown today and guess who I saw? It was Kevin and Brittany from
Lawndale. You know, after Kazhakstan in 2004, I thought that I would not see any of our old
classmates. I mean, I didn’t think I would see anyone again, the way they were just shipping
people off to fight in Kazhakstan. That was pretty scary. I mean, you heard the people talk
about Vietnam and the Gulf war, and you would just laugh it off, but then we have to go way
over to some country to fight over some weapons sites, and kill people you can’t prove are
bad. Anyway, Kevin and Brittany were doing fine, expecting their second child in the fall.
They mentioned Upchuck, now Charles Rottheimer working for some weapons company. I
think they were the ones who manufactured the Orbital Particle Beam Offense/Defense
System that we used in Kazhakstan. His marriage to Andrea (that Goth poet girl that was
always drinking) really seems to have changed him, I heard he is on his way up. Then they
asked about Trent and I. It seems not everyone knows (or accepts) the fact that he was
killed over in Kazhakstan. I just don’t know. Maybe I loved him... sometimes I cry thinking
about the way our youth fell apart. I also spoke to Quinn on the phone. She is doing okay
after her crash last year... you know, I was scared I might actually lose her just like I lost Dad
when those fundamentalists bombed the building he was in, just before the war started.
Mom never really recovered from that you know. Sometimes I visit her up in Shady Groves.
They seem to be treating her well, I guess. But she doesn’t say much. It just kills me to think
how everything went wrong. First Jesse dying of that drug overdose, then Dad dying, then
Mom going insane, then the war, then Trent dying, and Quinn’s accident, and that girl from
the fashion club- what was her name? The one with the deep voice- getting involved in that
scandal with the President as a White House intern. At least Michael MacKenzie got out
allright. I was pretty happy for him when he went to teach at Harvard and took Jodie with
him. Sometimes I think of those two boys I told you about- Beavis and Butt-head- and how
stupid they seemed to everyone. But now, I almost envy them because they were so
oblivious to everything that was going on; just living in their own private world of ignorance
and bliss. They were lucky. How is your art career going? How do the people like your
exhibit at the National Gallery in Washington? And how is your husband, Tom? Is he doing
well with his writing job? You know, I bought a copy of his last book- A Study of South Park
and Its Effect on Generation X. There were some interesting points.  Come on over and
visit me some time in Baltimore. Yeah, it’s got its bad points, but it’s slightly more tolerable
than Lawndale- especially after that meltdown in 2002. I don’t think anyone will be able to
forget that for a long time. 

Sincerely, 

Daria Morgendorffer 

THE END 