The Future Lawndale High 
by Daria's Double (C.F.) 

It was cold in the hallways. Little light was shining through the putrated windows. It was a
time of despair, horror, down-right misery. This was the Time Of The Upchuck! 

Well as you guessed it, after his nerdy years in Lawndale High and his twelve years with
Sandy as his wife, this was his big career move, to become the principal of Lawndale
High. With his died red hair and his sagging, freckle-faded face, he sat at his desk and
thought about what a good time he'll have when he'd get home from work. His Sandy would
be waiting for him with a bottle of champagne and two glasses waiting on the table. 

That brings us to the story of how Sandy is in the future. Well, she didn't start off on the right
foot. She fell in love with Upchuck and ran away with him. She abandoned the Fashion
Club and had their first baby when she was 19. Of course now he has red hair and freckles
just like his father (eww!). The Fashion Club was closed and was given a bad name
because of Sandy. Quinn was devastated. She could no longer show her face in public
again. 

With her hair still a faded red and her skinny body, Quinn pulled up in the driveway of her
former husband's home. She knocked twice before opening, revealing her x's face.
"Kevin? I think I left some.....uh....Japanese tea cups over here. Can I get them?" Quinn
asked hesitantly. "Sure," Kevin said, "I’m just catching up on the news with my high school
sweetheart, Brittany." 

Quinn pulled away from him as she walked through the door. She stormed into the kitchen
where she found Brittany snacking on fondue and triscits. Brittany told something to Quinn
that she hadn't even told Kevin. She was pregnant. 

As she stormed through the door of Daria's apartment, Quinn was crying hysterically. Daria
was living single at that point, but she had a boyfriend who was the producer of Sick Sad
World. Daria heaved herself off the couch and walked into her olive green kitchen. She sat
there next to Quinn for a couple of minutes, not saying anything. Then Quinn finally said a
closing remark to Daria before she went back to her car. "Daria, I'll never have a lover.
Joey left me the second week we were dating, Jeffy had one night with me and left, James
was seeing another girl when we were dating and Kevin divorced me even though he
doesn't even know what divorce means!" " Wasn't it Jamie?" added Daria. "Whatever,"
said Quinn. And as she walked out the door, Daria said something she thought she never
would say. "Quinn? I think you'll find the perfect guy someday. Just be patient," Quinn
smiled, and the rest is the future. Quinn found her true love, Mack. Brittany and Kevin were
wed. Daria was engaged to Joey in the next 3 years. And Upchuck had a heart attack in
the next year. 

THE END 