The Diary of Daria Morgendorffer: A Portrait of a Young Girl

(Note:  This is merely an experiment in Fan Fiction.  If it sucks, I'm 
terribly sorry.  Someone mentioned that no one had any creativity in 
writing the fan fictions, so I used some of mine.  I've got plenty to 
spare.)

December 15

I hate the holiday season.  Everyone's so...happy.  It really makes you want 
to puke.  Christmas was always my least favorite holiday.  Mom always gets so 
perky during the Christmas season.  And don't even get me started on Quinn or 
Dad.  Jane said I could help her decorate their tree, but I refused.  Triming 
the tree is something I never really saw her doing.  But when she pulled out 
the abstract ornaments that she made by hand, I changed my mind.  It was okay, 
actually.  That is, until Trent came out of the basement and started helping.  
Jane ended up sweeping up the broken glass, leaving me and Trent to converse. 
 She won't enjoy her yenta act so much when I seek revenge on those who deserve 
it.  

Quinn and Mom went Christmas shopping yesterday, and I actually had a stroke 
of good luck:  they didn't even ask me to come along with them.  I think Mom 
wanted to buy my present.  God, save me.  I got my Christmas shopping done 
months ago.  Meaning I'm giving Mom what she gave me last year, I dug around in 
Quinn's closet for her gift, and Jane is making my Dad a tie for me.  She 
offered, so I didn't object.  Such a giving person I am.  I've got to work on 
that.

December 17

Jane dragged me to the store with her to buy holiday crap.  She insisted I get 
things for her and Trent.  So, I bought some new brushes and a couple CD's when 
she wasn't looking.  Then I came across this really cool guitar pick, and decided 
to keep one of the CD's I picked out for Trent.  I saw Jane walk out of Books by 
the Ton, so she at least got me something useful.  I need something to take up 
space on my floor.  I think I actually saw part of the carpet two weeks ago.  

School is finally out for a couple weeks.  I was getting a little bored in those 
damn classrooms.  Now I'm plenty bored in my bedroom.  But at least I don't have 
O'Neill asking me those stupid questions about Thoreau and Shakespeare.  No, now 
I have Mom to ask me stupid questions about my daily schedule and an "old 
fashioned, traditional Christmas."  Whatever that means.  

It started snowing this morning.  It was actually pretty cool, until Dad started 
singing "Dreaming of a White Christmas."  I had to get out.  Luckily, Jane showed 
up and asked if I wanted to walk down the street and throw snowballs at passing 
cars.  How could I resist?  I think we hit Mr. DiMartino and Upchuck's car.  Of 
course, Upchuck stopped to talk.  Which tempted Jane to shove a snowball down 
his throat and his pants.  It was pretty fun, I have to admit.  Too bad I hate fun.

December 23

Mom finally had Dad go buy a tree.  They were out of everything except scrawny 
excuses for firewood, so he bought an artificial one instead.  Mom liked the 
idea of not having to make me vaccum up the needles anyway.  Quinn had the 
fashion club over to decorate it with no butter, no cholesterol, unsalted 
popcorn strands that Jeffy, Joey, and Jamie made for them, and other assorted 
"cute" ornaments.  I brought one of the one's Jane made from her tree and put 
it on a high branch after the fashion goons left.  Then Mom locked herself in 
her bedroom, wrapping presents and signing cards that her secretary had 
boughten for her.  She just loves to throw herself into festivites this time 
of year.

December 24

Jane had me come over to swap gifts with her, Trent, and Jesse.  Beats setting 
up the living room for what little family that didn't have an actual family to 
spend it with.  Which was Amy, of course.  I suggested that.  Anyway, Jane 
ended up giving me some sci-fi books.  And much to my surprise, Trent bought 
me something too.  It was a brand new diary, with pictures of skeletons on the 
front.  How did he know I needed a new diary?  Jane loved her new brushes, and 
Trent liked the CD's.  I was lucky and actually picked some he didn't already 
have.  He like the pick too.  Said he'd use it at his next gig.  I forget what 
Jesse gave Jane, but he got Trent a new cable for his electric guitar, after 
snapping the other one in two at a gig four days ago.  

I ended up spending the whole day at the Lane's.  Trent and Jesse overdid it on 
the eggnog, and Jane took the opportuntiy to drag Jesse upstairs.  Trent fell 
asleep, so I watched the Sick, Sad World Christmas Special in the living room 
by myself.  I had no idea that Rudolf was dealing marijuanna and Santa was 
molesting little boys and girls.  After everyone regained consciousness, we had 
dinner.  Pizza dinner for Christmas.  A very new concept, and a very cool 
tradition.  Of course, I had to walk in the kitchen at the same time as Trent.  
And Jane had hung a single strand of mistletoe on the wall molding.  And then 
she had to go and catch us under it together.  She made Trent kiss me.  And I
hate her and thank her for it.

December 25

Well, today was quite interesting.  Nobody noticed I had put no thought whatsoever 
in their gift.  Dad even liked the tie.  Which pissed me off.  I have to think of 
something better for next year.  Amy came bering gifts, which pleased Mom and Quinn.  
Dad had already started reading the paper and was off in his little world.  Which 
pleased Mom even more.  Quinn got lots and lots of clothes.  I got books, and a few 
shirts and jeans.  Damn you Mom.  Amy got me a poster.  It was really cool, and I 
put it on my wall under my other poster.  All in all, the holiday season was almost 
berable this year.  Not particularly awaiting next year.  

Well, it's the last page in this diary.  Hope next year is somewhat better than 
this year.  at least it'll start out pretty well.  If I know Jane, she'll have a 
new year's party.  And when that damn ball reaches the bottom, there's no telling 
what she'll make me do.  I just hope by the time it rolls around, I'll be hiding 
in the fall out shelter of her mother's.
