                      The Switch
                      Written by
                  Brett Shearer
                  e mail shears@dingley.net

(Opening scene the school hallway)
  Quinn: Ok so I asked Rex to go with me to Naomi's part tomorrow, but
then he got a great big pimple on his fore head so I asked Skyler and he
said yes
   Sandi: Great plan Quinn, but what happened with Rex (pause) not that
I care or anything.
    Quinn: I don't know (shrugs) who cares anyway
       (all laugh)
(Daria and Jodi over hear them)
 Daria: Oh look it's my sister and the amazing tech. color fashion
plates
 Jodi: Speaking from an honor student's point of view, it's wrong to
alienate other people just because they fall below common decency
 (The fashion club walk past)
 Quinn: Would you consider me shallow?
 Sandi: oh no, your just honest
 Quinn: thanks
 (Jodie glares at Daria)
 Jodie: I stand corrected
 (In the cafeteria, Daria sits opposite Jane)
Daria: hey, what's the gruel like today
Jane: we're given an option, brown lumps in gray sauce or gray lumps in
brown sauce
Daira:  (sarcastically) mmm gravy
Jane: So are you coming to the club to see Trent, I mean Trent's band
Daria: hmmm well as soon as my parole officer call's
(Jane smiles as the bell rings)
 (Morgendorfer house)
Helen: So how was everyone's day, I am going to enjoy a nice long chat
(phone rings) dam it excuse me girls
Dare: that lasted almost 3 seconds, a world record (Daria glares at
Quinn putting on her make up)
Another Date?
Quinn: No I just like to look my cutest, in case a cool guy happens to
walk by the window
 Daria: (singing) How much is that doggie in the window
 Quinn: (bitterly) god I can't even believe I am related to you, you're
suck a freak
 Daria: That does double for me
 Quinn: Why?
  Daria: oh come on, you dress in things that probably would fit on a
barbi doll, you flirt and think you the center of the universe
  Quinn: (huffs) Un like you Miss loser hanging around the house reading
you stupid book's on Friday night. Always complaining about everything.
Your a strait Loser Daria
  Daria: Yes, that's right pretend that I care what you saying, you self
imposed flirt
 Quinn: You know I have problems too
  Daria: Yeah like does this dress go with my nail polish?
Quinn: I wish you could only see What it's like to be me, then you'd see

 Daria: Yeah that'll happen
 (Later that night)
 (Daria stares at the stary sky, Quinn also looks out her window and as
a shooting star flies past they both make the single wish)
 Quinn: (chuckles) that was pathetic ( eyes wide open) I hope nobody saw
me
  (During the night Daria hair suddenly turns orange and longer, her
nose turns pointy. Meanwhile Quinn's hair turns thick and brown and her
nose largens
          (Morning as Quinn walks into the bath room, she open's her
eyes only to see her vision blurred slightly)
   Quinn: what the....
    (Daria walks in with her glasses on but in Quinn's body)
    Daria: Oh...my....god this must be the worst nightmare (looking in
the mirror)
     Quinn: God Daria your voice sounds so geeky (pause) wait a minute
(she takes the glasses and places them on looking in the mirror)
(screams) the horror, oh my god, your me, but I'm you, ow (nearly
breaking out into tears)
    Daria: I guess I shouldn't have made that
wish
Quinn: (glares bitterly) you made that stupid wish to. Oh I am so dead
    Daria: Well we might as well live with it for one day. I'll be you
and you be me
  Quinn: Oh this is too weird
  Daria: Hey I'm not thrilled about it either
  Helen: (calling) girls hurry up
  Quinn: remember what I said
  Daria: yeah, yeah
  (At the table)
  Jake: Quinn, not eating
  Quinn: no um, Quinn, I mean I am on a diet (she reaches for the butter
before being kicked by Daria)
 Quinn: What?
  Daria: Butter is to high in fat and stuff
  (Quinn smears a large dab of butter on her toast and begins assign
   (at the front door)
  Daria: Ok, now you've got to get my walk right
  Quinn: you mean your flirt
   Daria: and stop talking like that, talk like me
   Quinn: (shaking her hips) Oh hi I'm Qiunn, want to go out, acutely I
don't like your hair. Hey I'm....
  Daria: Ok, (angry) Shut up. Now look how I walk
  Quinn: Like you got a pipe stuck up your....
  Daria: No! like this (begins to walk
  Quinn: (thinks) Oh I am so glad Jane's not here
  Daria: Ok, and remember, I'll act like you, but first a few rules that
I wrote down at breakfast (Daria unleashes a role of paper)
 Quinn: And I'll write down something for you to do
 Daria: What!?
 Quinn: Buy a gun
 (at school)
 Sandi: So I said "You'd never fit into those pants anyway, you fat
wench"
 Stacy: Your so smart Snadi
 Sandi: What do you think Quinn?
 Quinn: (with her eyes closed) Huh, oh yeah, um cool (flicks her hair
back whiiping Stacy in the face)
  Stacy: Owww, now I'll have a red spot
  Quinn: oh sorry (she sees Daria over near her locker and watches Jane
as she approaches)
   Jane: Hey Daria, ready for the gig tonight?
   Daria: (Dreerily) What
   Jane: Trents band, they're playing tonight and you sister is going to
that stupid party
   Daria; (gasps) oh god, I forgot all about it. Um yeah look I have to
run (Daria races off and head's to the fashion club)
  Daria: Hi guy's
 Sandi: Ahh Quinn isn't that your cousin, or something
 Tiffany: God what a freak
 Sandi: Ahh listen um, Quinn's cousin or whatever, you might want to
like, leave
 Daria: what?
 Quinn: Yeah um, get out of here
 (Daria walks off bowing her head)
 Jane: Ahh don't worry, they're like rotten egg's, no matter what you
do, you'll never be able to get rid of the stench
 Daria: (mumbles) yes um.
 (The cafatiera)
 Jane: So wonder what the cat dragged in for lunch today
 (Daria turns to Jane)
 Daria: Um, no offense um, Jan
 Jane: Jane
 Daria: Like it matter's, look I really don't want to hang...
 (Quinn shakes her head at Daria)
 Daria: I mean (sigh) let's eat (Saria passes Joey and Jamie) Hi guy's
 ( the two stare in shock)
 Joey: Hey what's that brian talking to us for
 Jamie: I don't know man
 ( Daria walks off)
 (Quinn is walking down the hall and suddenly confronted by Rex)
 Quinn: can Ihelo you
 Rex: You are a bitch, you realize that, and I hope you get what's
coming to you (huffs then leaves)
 Quinn: Oh I wish I had a came corder
        ( At Naomi's party)
 (Quinn gazes at all the tenns shouting and drinking)
 Quinn: I guess this is what hell is like
 Sandi: glad you could come Quinn, but where's Skyler
 Quinn: oh he's gone to the men's room
 Sandi: oh (walks off as a drunk teen walks up to Quinn)
 Drunk : Hey Baby, wanna (burp) party ( he places his hand around her as
Quinn thrashes pushing him away.
 (She runs up stair past two people making out on the stairs, and pushes
open a door only to see Skyler kissing another girl)
 Quinn: Oh god
 Skuler: Um Quinn, hey, um, (rushes up to the door) I know this looks
bad, but well, I sort of got sick of waiting for you to kiss me (slams
the door) Quinn tunrs still with the shocked face.
 (The club where Trent is playing, Jane watches as Daria sits bored at a
Table)
 Jane: You all right?
 Daria: yeah, um what song is this?
 Jane: It's called Ice box woman
 Daria: (yawns) oh
 Jane: (Walks up to the table) Daria (louder) Daria
 Daria: What?, oh, look, um, this had been fun and I really enjoy
talking about all this brainy geek.. I mean cool stuff but I have to go
 ( Someone pushes past Daria as she stands up)
 Boy: Watch it geek
 Daria: (Her lips quiver) (shouts) I can't take it anymore, I want to be
in my own body again (runs out crying leaving Jane standing in shocK)
Boy: That's what LSD will to do to ya
  (At Naomi's party, Quinn sits on the boucany and spots Daria running
up the street and running to the door)
 Daria: (wiping her eyes) Hi Quinn
 Quinn: Hey Daria how's you day?
 Daria: It was positivly gruesome
 Quinn: (looking at her with a smirk) well mine SUCKED!
 (Daria sits next to Quinn)
 Daria: look I know that you might like being like this, but I don't, I
know being attractive and popular had it's downsides...
 Quinn: You telling me
 Daria: (Pause) your not that much of a freak Daria
 Quinn: and your not that much of a..... um well I guess I'll finish
that sentence later
 (the two girls sit and gaze at the empty sky)
   (the Morgendorfer home)
 Quinn: Night Quinn
 Daria: night Daria
 the two girls walk into their own room's, as the night drifts on they
slowly change back into what they once were)
 Quinn: (Waking up and looking out the window, she gazes at her hand
then shoots up and rushes for the mirror) Oh my god, I'm me again, yes
(Quinn races down the stairs as Daria talks on the phone
 Daria: So sorry about last night,  it was that time of the month
 Jane: that's cool, whose screaming
 Daria: oh that's just Quinn.
 (Quinn, unaware that she's still in her night gown races out the front
dor only to stop suddenly and go red with embarrassment)
 Jane: I heard she's been acting really weird
 (Daria walks over and slams the door locking Quinn out side)00
 Daria: No, just the same old Quinn (She smiles as Quinn bangs on the
door)
 Quinn: Daria let me in, (yelling) DARIA!!!!!!!
      THE END
