"The Mission"
by Wesley Willis

This is my 13th fanfic(I'm so proud that I got this far),
and Martin, I promise that Daria and her crew will be in
this one.

This is about Daria and Jane visiting me, while SoulStance
are in the midst of getting ready for a Rollins Band
concert.

Day 1; South Aberikall, AL; The SoulStance Mansion;
2:00P.M., my time.

David, Suzee, Stacy and I(SoulStance) are getting ready to
go to a Rollins Band concert.

Me(15, short brown hair): So, we gonna rock the concert
tomorrow night?

David(25, short, blonde hair): Yes, we are.

Me: We also got company coming over from California.

Suzee(26, medium-length blonde hair with highlights): Who?

Stacy(26, really long, black hair): Remember the
Morgendorffers?

Suzee: Yes.

Stacy: Well, their kid, Daria, and her friend, Jane, are
coming to Aberikall(ay'bur'call) to visit for a few days.

Suzee: Wow. Are they coming to the concert with us?

Me: Probably not.  I don't think they're as much into
Rollins Band as we are.

Suzee: Although we're more popular than they'll ever be.

(SoulStance is an all-voice dance group that has been in
the music business for 2 years. Rollins Band: 14 years, but
SoulStance has sold more copies of their stuff than the
Rollins Band. No offense, Hank.)

(Everybody laughs)

David: Are they going to like Aberikall?

Me: They'll love it.  If not, (unintelligible).

David: Yeah. (laughs)

Same day; Lawndale, CA; The Morgendorffer House; 2:00 P.M.,
Pacific Time

(Doorbell rings)

Jane: Ready to go?

Daria: Yes.  Yes, I am.

Trent(in the car): Then let's go!

Both: OK.

(in the car)

Trent: I can't believe you're metting SoulStance!  They're,
like, the most popular music group in the world.  Can you
get their autograph for me?

Daria: I cant believe it, either, and yes, I will get their
autograph for you.

Trent: Thank you, Dar.

Jane: So, who is SoulStance?

Trent: They're Wesley, David, Suzee, and Stacy Willis.

Jane: Are they a pop band?

Trent: No, their music is Soul-Pop and Dance.  They even
have their own dance group, called by two names: SoulDance
or Sacton Prep.

Jane: Wow, they are big. So, Aberikall is where they live?

Trent: Yes, Aberikall is a very big city, home to 4 million
people.  It is divided into 4 sections: North Aberikall,
South Aberikall, Aberikall Downtown and Mall Districts, and
Sacton.

Daria: Which section do they live in?

Trent: Well, Wesley has a mansion in South Aberikall, David
in North Aberikall, Suzee in Sacton, and Stacy in Aberikall
Downtown.

Daria: So, which mansion are we going to?

Trent: I think Wesley's.

Daria: And what's his age?

Trent: He is the youngest member in the group, 15 years
old.

Daria: And what are the other members' ages.

Trent: David's 25, and the girls are both 26.

Jane: Now that's a dysfunctional group, if I ever heard
one.

Trent: We're here. So, good-bye.

Day 2; South Aberikall, AL; The SoulStance Mansion; 10:00
A.M.

(Doorbell Rings)

Me: They're here.

(I open the door)

Me: Hi, ya'll, the name's Wesley Willis, and this is my
house. Make yourselves at home and meet my crew.

(in the living room)

David: Hi, my name's David, I appear to be a muscleman, but
I'm not.

Jane: Whoa.

Suzee: He gets that all the time in N.A.(North Aberikall)
Hi, my name's Suzee, how ya'll liking Aberikall?

Daria: Treats us fine.

Jane: Who does your hair?

Suzee: I do it myself.

Jane: Oh.

Stacy: And finally, my name's Stacy, and we're...

SoulStance: ...SoulStance!

Daria: So, how many records have ya'll sold?

David: Well, together we have sold 38 million copies in the
last 2 years of "The SoulStance Project".

Jane: "SoulStance Project"?

Suzee: Yep, David is responsible for "The SoulStance
Project" and ultimately, SoulStance itself.

Daria: Well, what other jobs do ya'll hold besides
musicians?

SoulStance: Well, we're also actors in such films as the
2001 movie of the year, "The Information Channel"(title of
fanfic that was rejected because of no "Daria" character
involvement). And directors of movies and our own music
videos.

Both: Wow.

Me: So, is this a nice place, or what?

Jane: Yes!

Me: Well, it's the SoulStance South mansion, or triple "S"
for short.

David: And there's SoulStance North, which is my mansion in
N.A.

Suzee: Then there's my mansion, SoulStance East, in Sacton,
which is just about 10 miles from here.

Stacy: And my mansion, SoulStance West, is on the UAA
campus, home of the badgers.

Daria: So, what high schools do you support?

Me: I support South Aberikall High School, home of the
Soldiers.  Their school colors are black and orange.

Suzee: Sacton High School, home of the Rockets, Colors are
purple and gold.

Stacy: I support Aberikall High School, home of the
Trojans.  burgundy and gray are the school

David: North Aberikall High School, mascot: Fighting Angel.
Colors are royal blue and yellow.

Me: So, enough with the pleasantries, are ya'll going to
the Rollins Band concert with us?

Daria: Yes, but not with ya'll.  Where is it being played?

Suzee: The Aberikall Coliseum. It seats 100,000.

Jane: Wow.

Same day; Downtown Aberikall, AL; 3:00P.M.

(David, Daria, and Suzee are at Beat Street Studio, a
recording studio where SoulStance do their dance tracks.)

David: And this is BSS, Beat Street Studio, one studio
where we produce our tracks.

Suzee: The other place is Pepsi Records, which is
about...David, how many blocks is it from here to Pepsi?

David: Seven. Seven blocks.

Suzee: There you go.

Jane: Does Aberikall have any nightclubs?

Suzee: We have about 24 nightclubs, but we're not going to
one of them because of this concert.

That night, Aberikall Coliseum, 7:00P.M.

(SoulStance and the girls are at the concert)

Me: All right, we got front row.

Suzee: Front row, oh my God! Stacy, am I sweating?!

Stacy: Yes, you are, girl.

David: Let's go before somebody takes them.

(few mins. later, the music starts)

Me: This is great!

Suzee: Yeah! Whoo!

(music ends, I am standing right in front of Henry
Rollins.)

(Special Guest 1) Enoc: Da heck?!

(Special Guest 2) Henry Rollins: Aberikall, ya'll been
great, and Wesley...

(strips naked)

...Thanks a mill.

Me: Urrr........(faints).........Ow.

Daria: You all right, Wes?

Me(slurred): I'm fine, I've never been more aroused in all
my...(normal) Gro-os!!!!

The End

=====
Story by Wesley Willis
