The Green Eyed Daria 
by CAT3508 

A new student arrives on Monday in Daria's science class named Sarah, whom rumors
were being about that she was a pyromaniac and had started a fire that eventually burnt
half her old school to a crisp. Daria, intrigued by the notion, talks to Sarah and discovers
that she can make a surprisingly successful cherry bomb out of a few simple household
ingredients. 

Later at lunch Sarah tells Daria that the reason she was transferred to Lawndale was that
being the person in charge of the electrical and sound system for the band playing at the
homecoming dance, she had found a way to give the homecoming queen a mild electrical
shock via her tiara, and the idea was too tempting for her to pass it up. 

After school Daria pays a visit to Jane (who was sick that day) in hopes of telling her about
Sarah, and perhaps catching the flu. Before Daria has a chance to tell Jane about Sarah,
Jane begins to tell Daria about Trent's new girlfriend, Sarah, whom he had met on Friday.
Daria suddenly feels extremely nauseous, and tells Jane she'll call her back later. Daria
leaves thinking that it must be a coincidence that these people have the same names when
she spies out of the corner of her eye Trent and the Sarah from school talking, and then
kissing. 

Daria walks back home in a fit of jealousy. 

Once Daria returns to her humble abode, she sits in her room trying to think how she can
make sense out of this. She then decides that Sarah and Trent must be broken up no
matter the what the cost. After thinking for a while she decides on a plan.....but she needs
the help of someone who is popular and had tons of friends. Daria tells Quinn in passing
conversation about a shocking and revealing secret about Sarah that she "found out",
knowing Quinn won't be able to hesitate to spread it to Sandy Stacy and Tiffany, and
maybe a few others. Quinn uses what few brain cells she has to question Daria about why
she knows a juicy rumor like that, and Daria replies saying that she has "connections".
(note- this rumor is so taboo it is whispered inaudibly) This reply is so mysterious Quinn's
curiosity has peaked, so she doesn't question Daria further. 

The next day, Jane is back at school, and the taboo rumor is spread through the entire
school, Sarah is made an outcast (even more so than when she came to the school). Jane
observes something in Daria, a kind of delight one only finds in ruining another person, so
Jane becomes suspicious of Daria's involvement in the rumor. To investigate, Jane
hesitantly questions Quinn about where she heard the rumor, and found the whole thing
stemmed from Daria. Jane knows all too well that Daria was jealous of Sarah and Daria,
and Daria has no "connections" whatsoever. 

Jane then confronts Daria about starting Daria starting the rumor herself. When Daria
admits she did, Jane tells Daria how shocked she is that Daria would stoop so low in
breaking Trent and Sarah up. Daria explains that she was mad with jealousy and wanted
Trent so badly as to spread a rumor about Sarah. Jane says she isn't sure she wants
someone like that as a friend, then just walks away. 

Later that evening Jane has a talk with Trent and tries to drop a hint about Daria liking him,
even starting a rumor. Trent, unable to take a hint remains oblivious. Jane gets so
frustrated that Trent isn't picking up her hints, that she screams out that Daria likes him,
can't he take a hint? While Trent is speechless with surprise the phone rings, and Jane
picks it up in her room. It's Daria calling to tell Jane that she is so sorry she was being so
petty and selfish. Jane forgives her, but says she needs to apologize to Sarah and Trent as
well. Daria agrees that she'll speak to both of them tomorrow. 

The next day, Daria confronts Trent and tells him that she started the rumor, and how sorry
she was that she ruined his girlfriend. Trent says that it was OK, she wasn't his girlfriend
anymore. When asked why, Trent replies in a bitter voice that he found her messing around
with some guys named Joey, Jeffy, and Jamie, Daria's rumor had turned out to be true!
Trent also says that Sarah's moving to Alabama, that she had left that day. Trent then
clears is throat and asks Daria if she wants to come with him to the next Mystic Spiral gig,
and maybe they could catch some fast food or something. Needless to say, Daria says
yes. 

THE END 