THE PREPAID PHONE CARD CALL OF TOMMY SHERMAN 

A Daria/Real Ghostbusters Crossover Fan Fiction Story 

By 

Peter W. Guerin 

----------------------------------------------------------------------------

With apologies to Glenn Eichler, Susie Lewis Lynn, Dan Aykroyd, Harold
Ramis 

 Linda Bloodworth-Thomason, Rudolf Ising, William Hanna, Joseph
Barberra, 

Trey Parker and Matt Stone. 

----------------------------------------------------------------------------

AUTHOR'S DISCLAIMER, INTRODUCTION AND NOTES 
  
  

None of this ever happened.  This story is an entire work of fiction. 

As for continuity, this takes place after "Sick, Sad Burbank". 
  
  

For those of you who are not familiar with the GOOD, GREAT original 

"Real Ghostbusters" series, I'll give a brief introduction. 

"The Real Ghostbusters" ran simultaneously on ABC and in syndication
from 

1986 to 1991; it was, of course, based on the 1984 film "Ghostbusters", 

which for the longest time was the biggest grossing comedy in film history; 

from the 1989-1990 season onward, it drew most of its stories as
follow-ups 

to the 1989 film "Ghostbusters II" (rumor has it that a third film is on the 

way).  As in the film, the story was about four men who formed their own 

paranormal entity extermination service (actually, they just trapped them 

and then stuck them in a containment unit).  This series roughly followed up 

from the first film. 
  
  

Team leader Dr. Peter Venkman (the character played by Bill Murray in the

film) was a bit of a ladies' man and was always trying to woo the company's

secretary, the acerbic Janine Melnitz (who was played by Annie Potts in the

film; she would later play Mary Jo Shively in the comedy series "Designing 

Women", which gets referenced in this story as well).  Dr. Venkman was 

voiced in the first ABC season and in all the syndicated episodes by
Lorenzo 

Music, best known as Carlton the Doorman on "Rhoda" and the voice of 

Garfield on "Garfield and Friends" (he was also an executive producer for 

the original "Smothers Brothers Comedy Hour" and the original "Bob
Newhart 

Show"); from the second ABC season onward, he was voiced by Dave
Coulier, 

who played Joey Galdstone on "Full House". 
  
  

Second-in-command Dr. Egon Spengler (who was played by Harold Ramis
in the 

film) was the brains of the outfit and made the various proton packs, ghost 

traps, etc. the team used.  He was voiced throughout the entire series' run 

by Maurice LaMarche, who now voices The Brain on "Pinky and the
Brain". 
  
  

Dr. Raymond (Ray) Stantz (who way played by Dan Aykroyd in the film)
was the 

idealist and dreamer of the team.  He was also the one who was on the best

terms with Slimer, the team's pet ghost (Peter, however, hated him to no 

end).  He was voiced throughout the entire series by  veteran voiceman
Frank 

Welker, best known as the voice of Freddy Jones from "Scooby Doo". 
Welker 

also voiced Slimer. 
  
  

Winston Zeddmore was the only one (other than Janine, Slimer, Dana
Barrett 

and Lewis Tully) not to have a doctorate.  He was formerly a construction 

worker.  In the first ABC season and in all the syndicated episodes, he was 

voiced by Arsenio Hall, who, of course, would later have his own hit 

late-night talk show.  From the second ABC season onward, he was voiced
by 

Buster Jones.  In the film, he was portrayed by Ernie Hudson, best known
as 

Solomon, the mentally challenged gardener in the Rebecca De Mornay
thriller 

"The Hand That Rocks The Cradle". 
  
  

Janine Melnitz, as mentioned, was the company secretary.  Although Peter 

tried to woo her, she was actually in love with Egon, though later it seemed 

she had a thing for Lewis Tully (the character played by Rick Moranis in the

film), who joined as the team's accountant.  In the first ABC season and in 

syndication, she kept the film character's spunk, acerbic attitude and 

looks:  spiky hair, pointed glasses, dangling jewelry, miniskirts, etc. 

However, after ABC consulted with a market research firm in Glendale, 

California called the Q5 Corporation, Janine was redone; she now had
smooth 

hair, rounded glasses, knee-length skirts and was less acerbic.  I chose to 

use the first ABC season/syndicated version of Janine because it was more 

true to the character that was in the films.  From the 1989-1990 season 

onward, Janine had the "nerdy" look she had in the second film, though it 

switched back to the "nurturing" look she had from the second ABC season
for 

the recent "Extreme Ghostbusters" series.  In the first ABC season and in 

the syndicated version, she was voiced by Laura Summer; from the second
ABC 

season, she was voiced by Kath Soucie. 
  
  

Slimer was the team's pet ghost.  In the film, he was referred to as "The 

Little Green Spud"; "Slimer" was made up for the series.  Slimer was voiced

throughout the entire series by Welker. 
  
  

Although she was never featured in the series, I decided to include Dana 

Barrett (who was played by Sigourney Weaver) in this story.  Dana was the

one who was possessed in the first film and Peter had a crush on.  In the 

second film, she has a baby son, though no one knows who the father is (it 

isn't Peter, though; however, he does become a father figure to him).  In 

this story, Dana becomes a full-fledged Ghostbuster herself, and I've taken 

the liberty of injecting some of Weaver's character of Ripley from the 

"Alien" films in this case (you'll notice it big time when she makes a trip 

to the beauty parlor and when she confronts the Sheridan-possessed Daria
in 

this story). 
  
  

As mentioned, both the ABC series and the syndicated series ran until
1991; 

from 1988 onward, the ABC series was called "Slimer!  and the Real 

Ghostbusters".  The tampering of Q5 really took a lot of the spark out of 

the show, though.  Recently, a new series, "Extreme Ghostbusters", aired in 

1997-98, but it very much a pale shadow of the old series; only Egon,
Janine 

and Slimer (who, this time, is voiced by Billy West, best known as the voice

of Stimpy from "Ren and Stimpy") return, with essentially a new team of 

Ghostbusters as well.  If anyone's interested, I've got an article from the 

"Los Angeles Times" in regard to how Q5 messed up the show.  E-mail me
for 

it. 
  
  

As for other matters: 
  
  

1. In the original films, all four Ghostbusters had black hair.  In the 

series, Peter has brown hair, Egon is blonde, Ray is light brown and
Winston 

is black.  Janine was a redhead in the film and the series. 
  
  

2. As for "Real Ghostbusters", that's quite a tale in itself.  In 1975, CBS 

aired a show called "The Ghost Busters," which had "F Troop" alumni
Forrest 

Tucker and Larry Storch playing trenchcoat wearing, fedora-bedecked
private 

eyes who--along with an ape--fought ghosts.  When Aykroyd and Ramis's 

"Ghostbusters" became a hit, and plans were made to do the animated
series, 

Filmation--which made the "Ghost Busters" series-- announced plans to
revive 

that series as an animated series as well; it featured the sons of the 

original characters taking over the business.  Columbia, in order to avoid a 

lawsuit, added "Real" to the Aykroyd/Ramis "Ghostbusters" creation. 
  
  

3.  As for the title of this story, it's a pun on the "Real Ghostbusters" 

episode "The Collect Call of Cathulu," which in turn was a satire on H. P. 

Lovecraft's classic horror story "The Call of Cthulu" (note that they put an 

"A" in the title of the "Real Ghostbusters" story in order to make 

pronouncing the name easier). 
  
  

4. Long before he created "Babylon 5", J. Michael Straczynski wrote some 

episodes of "The Real Ghostbusters" (though he didn't write "Collect Call"; 

that was written by Michael Reaves). 
  
  

5. I also make reference to the fact the President Clinton is friends with 

"Designing Women" creator Linda Bloodworth-Thomason and her husband,
Harry 

Thomason, in this story. 
  
  

6. Finally, taking a bit of a nod from Husker Du, who once added
commercials 

to one of their albums, I decided to put some "commercials" in this story; 

they're pretty goofy. 
  
  

If you want to see the original "Real Ghostbusters" episodes, Fox Family 

Channel is now showing them weekdays at 2:30 PM Eastern Time, 1:30
PM 

Central Time.  Take it from me, it's pretty good. 
  
  

All "Daria" characters are (C) 1993, 1997, 1998 MTV Networks, a
Viacom 

International company.  All Rights Reserved. 
  
  

All "Real Ghostbusters" characters are (C) 1984, 1986, 1989, 1997, 1998
DIC 

Enterprises LP/Columbia Pictures Corporation, a Sony Pictures
Entertainment 

company.  All Rights Reserved. 
  
  

All "Designing Women" characters are (C) 1986, 1998
Bloodworth-Thomason/ 

Mozark Productions/Columbia Pictures Corporation.  All Rights Reserved. 
  
  

All "Tom and Jerry" characters are (C) 1939 Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Film 

Corporation; Copyright renewed 1998 Hanna-Barberra Productions, a
Time 

Warner Entertainment Company.  All Rights Reserved. 
  
  

All "South Park" characters are (C) 1998 Braniff Productions/Comedy
Central. 

All Rights Reserved. 
  
  

All other characters depicted in this story are my creation. 
  
  

"Surge" is a registered trademark of the Coca-Cola Company. 
  
  

"Chevy Truck" is a registered trademark of Chevrolet Division of General 

Motors Corporation. 

----------------------------------------------------------------------------

ACT I, DIAMONDBACKS 0 

(Which just goes to prove how lame expansion teams are.) 
  
  

(The usual "Daria" opening sequence roll.  Splendora's "You're Standing on 

My Neck" plays as Daria doesn't laugh at a movie theater; Daria refuses to 

play volleyball at gym class; Daria blows a whistle to get Kevin and 

Brittany out of the way to her locker; Daria reads a newspaper at a
wedding; 

finally, Daria's smiling face zooms up and forms the "Daria" logo, below 

which says "in:  The Prepaid Phone Card Call of Tommy Sherman".) 
  
  

(Cut to the opening sequence for "The Real Ghostbusters".  A ghost walks 

down a street as Ray Parker, Jr.'s "Theme from 'Ghostbusters'" plays when 

suddenly, the international "No" sign--a red circle and slash--falls on him, 

forming the Ghostbusters logo.  Janine takes a call, sounds the bell, and 

alerts the others.  They scramble to their vehicle, the Ecto 1--a vintage 

1950's ambulance--and drive off, but not before Slimer kisses Janine. 

The team confronts a whole gang of ghosts, then zap them and trap them. 
The 

"Real Ghostbusters" logo is now shown.) 

----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Scene 1:  Surge Cola Stadium, Lawndale High School.  During a game
against 

Oakwood High. 
  
  

(Quarterback Kevin Thompson, team captain Michael Jordan "Mack"
Mackenzie 

and the other members of the Lawndale Lions football team are in huddle
for 

the next play.) 
  
  

Kevin:  Mack Daddy, you go fake left and I'll throw the long bomb. 
  
  

Mack:  Stop calling me "Mack Daddy," Kevin! 
  
  

Kevin:  Just do it, OK? 
  
  

(Mack grumbles as the team breaks formation.) 
  
  

Kevin:  43 red, 43 red, 54, 64, hike, hike! 
  
  

(The teams collide as Mack fakes left, Kevin passes the ball, and Mack
snags 

it.  He runs down the field right for the end zone.  Suddenly, a ghost 

appears on the end zone.  It looks like the late Lawndale football legend 

Tommy Sherman.) 
  
  

Ghost:  IIIIIII WAAAAANT THEEEEE MISSSSSERRRRRY
CHIIIIIICK!  IIIIIII 

WAAAAANT THEEEEE MISSSSERY CHIIIIIICK!  HA HA HA HA
HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA 

HA HA HA HA HA HA HA! 
  
  

(Everyone on the field freezes in terror.  There's panic in the stands as 

everyone screams and runs for the exits.) 
  
  

Mack:  Oh, no!  It looks like the ghost of Tommy Sheridan!  (Mack runs in 

the opposite direction now, and collides into Kevin.) 
  
  

Kevin:  What's going on, Mack Daddy? 
  
  

Mack:  There's a ghost out there!  And stop calling me "Mack Daddy!" 
  
  

(Kevin sees the ghost and goes "AAAAAAAAA!".  He and Mack, with the
rest of 

the people on the field, run.) 

----------------------------------------------------------------------------

  
  

Scene 2:  Daria Morgendorffer's room, later that day. 
  
  

Background music:  "Intergalactic" from the Beastie Boys.) 
  
  

(Daria and Jane Lane are watching "Sick, Sad World" on TV.) 
  
  

SSW Reporter:  And now, this "Sick, Sad World" exclusive report.  The
big 

football game between Lawndale and Oakwood was disrupted when a
ghost that 

looked suspiciously like that of late Lawndale football legend Tommy 

Sherman appeared near the goalpost dedicated in his memory.  He said "I
want 

the 'Misery Chick!'" twice and hideously laughed.  Lawndale wound up 

forfeiting the game to Oakwood. 
  
  

Daria:  I've heard of games being called due to the weather, but this is the 

first one I've heard of being called due to the stadium being haunted. 
  
  

Jane:  It was probably some Oakwood student's prank done to scare our
team 

so much they'd crap in their pants! 
  
  

SSW Reporter:  Later on, Lawndale High School Principal Angela Li had
this 

to say: 
  
  

Ms. Li:  I can assure everyone here in Lawndale that I will not rest until 

this matter is disposed of.  To that end, I will contact the world-famous 

Ghostbusters company and have them take care of this matter. 
  
  

Daria:  Is she serious?  She really thinks that there's a ghost in the 

football stadium? 
  
  

Jane:  Maybe we should contact the Department of Education and have
them 

start removal proceedings against her for being mentally incompetent! 
  
  

Daria:  Then again, stranger things have happened. 
  
  

(As if to highlight that remark, Helen, Daria's mother, enters the room.) 
  
  

Helen:  Daria, could I speak to you for a moment? 
  
  

Daria:  Sure, Mom, but anything that you say can and will be used against 

you. 
  
  

Helen: Daria, do you always have to be so flippant? 
  
  

Jane:  She can't even belly flop, let alone flip. 
  
  

Helen:  (Ignoring what Jane just said) Daria, we're going to have our living 

room redecorated next week.  We contacted this interior decorating service

from Atlanta called Sugarbakers' Interior Decorators and they'll be doing 

the job.  I want you to stay out of their way while they're here, OK? 
  
  

Daria:  Fine by me, Mom.  Just warn them that there's land mines beneath
the 

floor. 
  
  

Helen: (Groaning), Oh, Daria!  I can't have a straight conversation with 

you!  (She leaves in a huff.) 
  
  

Jane:  Score one for you, Daria! 
  
  

Daria:  I just want to see how badly they'll mess up redoing the living 

room, that's all. 
  
  

Jane:  So, do you think Ms. Li is going to contact these "Ghostbusters"? 
  
  

Daria:  If she does, I'll dress up as Quinn again. 
  
  

Jane:  That was a burden to bear the first time; do that again and you might 

die from embarrassment! 
  
  

Daria:  In that case, make sure my affairs are in order. 
  
  

Jane:  Right. 

----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Scene 3:  The Ghostbusters Headquarters, a former firehouse in Manhattan,

the next day. 
  
  

(Background music:  "Busy Child" from Crystal Method.) 
  
  

(There's a small crowd gathered in front of the building.  Peter Venkman, 

Egon Spengler, Ray Stantz, Winston Zeddmore, Janine Melnitz, Dana
Barrett, 

Lewis Tully and Slimer are with Mayor Rudolph Giuliani.) 
  
  

Giuliani:  Ladies and gentlemen, we are gathered here to honor the 

Ghostbusters on their 15th anniversary of business.  When they started in 

1984, everyone thought what they did was a joke.  I'm happy to say that
now 

incidents of haunting have gone down 65% since they went into business. 

Of course, that just helped me concentrate on fighting crime and cleaning up

Times Square!  (Laughs from the audience.)  Therefore, in appreciation for 

their fine work, I am proud to give this citation to the Ghostbusters for 

their excellent service to the City of New York.  (He hands the citation to 

Peter.  There's applause.  Peter steps up to the microphone.) 
  
  

Peter:  Thank you, Mayor Giuliani.  On behalf of the entire Ghostbusters 

team, I just want to thank everyone out there for their patronage over the 

years.  As we say in our commercials, "We're ready to believe you!"  (More

applause.)  Thank you, thank you!  (He and the others wave.  They then
step 

inside.)  Man, that was a rush! 
  
  

Ray:  It's nice that we're finally getting the appreciation for what we do; 

we help protect this city just as much as the police and the fire 

departments do. 
  
  

(The phone rings.  Janine gets it.) 
  
  

Janine:  Hello, Ghostbusters!  How may I help you?  (Pause as she listens.) 

You say your football stadium is haunted?  (Takes notes.)  OK, we'll get 

there as soon as we can.  Bye!  (She hangs up.) 
  
  

Egon:  Who was that, Janine? 
  
  

Janine:  That was someone calling herself Angela Li.  She's the principal of 

Lawndale High School.  She says that her school's football stadium's
haunted 

by the ghost of a legendary football player. 
  
  

Winston:  Man, that sounds like something out of "Scooby Doo!" 
  
  

Ray:  Watch it, Winston!  We must take every case seriously! 
  
  

Peter:  Ray's right, Winston!  It's how we make our living! 
  
  

Lewis:  Well, we are in the black, to say the least.  Not only is business 

up, but all that merchandising we sell doesn't hurt, either. 
  
  

Egon:  I still have qualms over that.  (He points to a display.)  T-shirts, 

mugs, key chains and bumper stickers weren't what we had in mind when
we set 

this business up. 
  
  

Peter:  You heard Lewis, Egon; it keeps us in the black! 
  
  

Egon:  Anyway, I guess this means we're taking a trip. 
  
  

Peter:  OK, Egon, Ray, Winston, Slimer, Janine, Dana, you're with me. 
Lewis, 

hold down the fort for us while we're gone, OK? 
  
  

Lewis:  Right!  Besides, I have to do some paperwork for our taxes,
anyway. 

I can use that to catch up on that. 
  
  

Peter:  Let's get packed up and book a flight to Lawndale, then. 
  
  

(Everyone except Lewis heads upstairs.  Lewis goes to the computer and
boots 

up "Quicken.") 
  
  

Lewis:  I may not have the most exciting job in this outfit, but someone's 

got to manage the cash flow around here! 

----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Scene 4:  Lawndale International Airport, a few hours later. 
  
  

(Background music:  "I Think I'm Paranoid" from Garbage.) 
  
  

(A reporter is standing in front of the arrivals terminal.  Some onlookers 

are right behind him.  Daria and Jane are in the crowd.) 
  
  

Reporter:   We're here at Lawndale International Airport as we're waiting 

for the arrival of the world famous Ghostbusters to arrive.  Lawndale High 

School Principal Angela Li has hired them to get rid of the ghost of 

legendary quarterback Tommy Sherman, who disrupted the big game
against 

Oakwood. 
  
  

Daria:  I bet they're a whole bunch of nerds who'd make Upchuck look
good. 
  
  

Jane:  I shudder to think at that possibility. . . 
  
  

(A plane now touches down on the runway.  The Ghostbusters team is seen

going down the stairs.) 
  
  

Reporter:  And there they are folks, the world famous Ghostbusters. 
  
  

(Everyone rushes up to them.) 
  
  

Peter:  Now, now, ladies, one at a time! 
  
  

Janine:  Dr. V., do you always have to be such a ladies' man? 
  
  

Peter:  It doesn't hurt! 
  
  

Daria:  What a pathetic scene this is! 
  
  

Jane:  It could be worse; we could be running in terror from (speaking 

spooky here, as she claws the air for emphasis) "The Ghost of Tommy 

Sherman". 
  
  

Daria:  Make me laugh. 
  
  

(The crowd--except for Daria and Jane--follow the Ghostbusters to the 

terminal.  As the crowd disperses, the Sugarbakers' Interior Decorating 

Service comes down the stairs:  Suzanne Sugarbaker, Julia Sugarbaker, 

Mary Jo Shively, Charlene Stillwell and Anthony Bouvier.) 
  
  

Suzanne:  What in tarnation is this dump? 
  
  

Julia:  This is the town that our clients are supposed to be in, Suzanne. 
  
  

Suzanne:  This place looks like such a pigsty that even my pet pig Noel 

would avoid living there! 
  
  

Mary Jo:  Suzanne, you treat that pig like a spoiled rotten kid; it would 

refuse to live in a pigsty! 
  
  

Julia:  We'd better get a taxi cab.  (They walk toward the terminal and see 

Daria and Jane.) 
  
  

Daria:  Well, well, I see there were some normal people on board that flight.

  
  

Julia:  (To Daria), Excuse me, young lady, do you know if this is the right 

address?  (She gives Daria a slip of paper with the Morgendorffers' address

on it.) 
  
  

Daria:  Some people with that last name have been known to live there. 
  
  

Jane:  Except that one of them claims that her sister is actually her cousin. 
  
  

Julia:  Don't you get fresh with me, young ladies!  We're the Sugarbakers 

Interior Decorating Service, and we're supposed to be redecorating the 
  
  

Morgendorffers' living room. 
  
  

Daria:  What a coincidence.  I'm a Morgendorffer.  Daria Morgendorffer, to

be exact. 
  
  

Jane:  (Imitating Tarzan)  Her Daria, me Jane! 
  
  

Charlene:  Have they been dipping into my uncle's moonshine or what? 
  
  

Anthony:  These cats are far out, man! 
  
  

Daria:  I think we're beginning to scare them, Jane. 
  
  

Julia:  All right, Ms. Daria Morgendorffer, were you the one who called 

for us? 
  
  

Daria:  No, that would be my mother, Helen Morgendorffer. 
  
  

Julia:  If you don't mind, we'd like to go to your house and speak to her 

about what we plan to do. 
  
  

Daria:  Follow us, then.  But be careful when you get on the bus; they 

haven't given the drivers here their distemper shots. 
  
  

(Julia groans as she and the others follow Daria and Jane.) 

----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Scene 5:  The living room of the Morgendorffer house. 
  
  

(Background music:  "Rockefeller Skank" by Fat Boy Slim.) 
  
  

(Daria, Jane, Quinn, Jake, Helen, Suzanne, Julia, Mary Jo, Charlene and 

Anthony are gathered around a coffee table.) 
  
  

Julia:  Here's what we're proposing.  We think this wallpaper would go very

well with this room. 
  
  

(Quinn takes a look.) 
  
  

Quinn:  Can't you find anything that would match with my shirt? 
  
  

Daria:  Quinn, I seriously doubt that they make smiley-face wallpaper! 
  
  

Helen:  Quinn, we're redecorating this room for our tastes, not yours! 
  
  

Jake:  Well, do you have anything in a blue serge? 
  
  

Helen:  Jake, will you mind your own business? 
  
  

Jake:  Yes, Dear! 
  
  

Jane:  What about a somber shade of black? 
  
  

(Julia recoils at that.) 
  
  

Julia:  BLACK!  You suggest black!  How dare you suggest black
wallpaper! 
  
  

Jane:  Ask a silly question. . . 
  
  

(The doorbell rings.) 
  
  

Helen:  I'll get it!  (She goes to the door.  The Ghostbusters are standing 

outside.) 
  
  

Egon:  Excuse me, but does Daria Morgendorffer live here? 
  
  

Helen:  If this is about her vandalizing her own poster for the state art 

contest, we settled that whole affair a long time ago! 
  
  

Egon:  No, ma'am.  This is something different. 
  
  

Helen:  If it's about the riot she incited at Alt.Lawndale.com, that's been 

settled as well. 
  
  

Egon:  We're not the police, ma'am.  We're Ghostbusters.  We want to talk 

to your daughter. 
  
  

Helen:  Oh, dear!  This is serious.  Daria!  There's some gentlemen to 

see you! 
  
  

Daria:  (To Jane)  If they haul me away to jail, bake a cake with a file in 

it and send it to me during visiting hours! 
  
  

Jane:  Right. 
  
  

(Daria goes to the door.) 
  
  

Egon:  Are you Daria Morgendorffer? 
  
  

Daria:  Someone with that name does live here. 
  
  

Egon:  We're the Ghostbusters.  I'm Dr. Egon Spengler; that's Dr. Peter 

Venkman; Dr. Ray Stantz; Winston Zeddmore; Janine Melnitz and Dana
Barrett; 

 that green blob is Slimer, our pet ghost. 
  
  

Peter:  Who keeps eating us out of house and home! 
  
  

Ray:  Put a sock in it, Peter! 
  
  

Daria:  If this is about that thing about the ghost of Tommy Sherman crap, 

I'm not interested. 
  
  

(Suddenly, Ms. Li enters.) 
  
  

Ms. Li:  I think you'll change your mind right away, Ms. Morgendorffer, or 

else you'll face a two week suspension! 
  
  

Daria:  For what?  Not answering any questions during my time away 

from school? 
  
  

Ms. Li:  Ms. Morgendorffer, I told the Ghostbusters that you were a
material 

witness in this case. 
  
  

Peter:  We can't technically arrest you for not co-operating, Daria, but we 

could turn this over to the police, and they're pretty much in an arresting 

mood. 
  
  

Daria:  All right, it looks like you've got me right where you want me. 
  
  

Egon:  Anyway, Ms. Morgendorffer, we spoke to Ms. Li here, and she tells
me 

that on the day that Tommy Sherman died, you and your friend Jane Lane
made 

fun of him. 
  
  

Daria:  Dr. Spengler, to put the record straight, Tommy Sheridan was a first 

class jerk.  He wanted to have sex with Brittany Taylor, our head 

cheerleader.  He made our star quarterback, Kevin Thompson, look like an

idiot, which isn't very difficult to begin with.  Then he called me a "Misery 

Chick".  He got what he deserved when that goalpost fell on top of him. 
  
  

Ray:  Ms. Morgendorffer, it could be that Tommy Sherman wants to exact
his 

revenge on you. 
  
  

Daria:  Listen, you guys are taking your job way too seriously.  There's no 

such things as ghosts. 
  
  

Egon:  We beg to differ. 
  
  

Daria:  Well, just keep on begging.  I'm going to shut your pleas out! 

(She slams the door in Egon's face.) 
  
  

Peter:  WOOOOO!  We've got a tough one here!  (Turns to Janine)  Kind
of 

reminds me of you, Janine. 
  
  

Janine:  Watch it, Dr. V., unless you want a fat lip! 
  
  

Peter:  My doctor put my lips on a fat-free diet! 
  
  

(Daria goes back to the living room.) 
  
  

Quinn:  What was that all about? 
  
  

Daria:  Just a bunch of geeks who said that the ghost of Tommy Sherman's 

after me.  What a joke! 
  
  

Quinn:  Daria, you attract the weirdest people! 

----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Scene 6:  Downtown Lawndale. 
  
  

(Background music:  "Know Your Enemy" by Rage Against the Machine.) 
  
  

(The Ecto-1 is going down Main Street.  The Ghostbusters are talking 

strategy.) 
  
  

Egon:  Right now, we've got to go to the football field and take some 

paranormal activity readings. 
  
  

Dana:  First,  could you drop me off at that hair salon?  I want to get my 

hair done. 
  
  

Peter:  Right in the middle of a case? 
  
  

Dana:  I missed my appointment back in New York. 
  
  

Ray:  OK, OK.  (The car stops at a hair salon.  Dana gets out and enters.) 
  
  

Proprietor:  Welcome to our fine establishment, ma'am.  What can we do
for 

you? 
  
  

Dana:  I want to get my hair washed and cut. 
  
  

Proprietor:  OK, then.  Just go to the sink here.  (They go to the sink. 

The proprietor puts Dana's head back into it and covers her.  He washes
her 

hair and puts on what he thinks is a conditioner.)  I'll be right back.  (He 

goes to the back.  He gets another bottle like the one he just used. 

However, he notices that it's marked "HAIR REMOVER," and not
"CONDITIONER".) 

OH, NO!  (He runs back.)  Ma'am, are you all right? 
  
  

Dana:  Yea, I think I am.  Why do you ask?  (She gets up and notices
herself 

in the mirror.  She's as bald as a cue ball.  She screams.) 

----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Scene 7:  Surge Cola Stadium. 
  
  

(Background music:  "Alive" from Pearl Jam.) 
  
  

(The Ghostbusters are taking readings.  Egon gets some very strong ones at 

the Tommy Sherman Memorial Goalpost.) 
  
  

Egon:  I'm getting some very strong readings here at this goalpost. 
  
  

Ray:  Maybe we can get some ectoplasm for analysis and find out what
we're 

dealing with here. 
  
  

(Dana enters.  Peter notices her.) 
  
  

Peter:  What happened to you, Dana? 
  
  

Dana:  You don't want to know. 
  
  

Peter:  OK, OK, you don't have to get cranky over it. 
  
  

(Suddenly, the ghost of Tommy Sherman appears again.) 
  
  

Ghost:  I WANT THE MISERY CHICK RIGHT NOW, OR ALL OF
LAWNDALE WILL SUFFER! 

(He lets out a ghostly roar.  The Ghostbusters fall back.) 
  
  

Peter:  Let's blast him!  (They fire their proton packs, but the ghost is
unaffected.) 
  
  

Ray:  What in--! 
  
  

Egon:  Our proton packs have no effect on him! 
  
  

Winston:  Looks like we'll just have to trap him!  (He gets out a ghost trap 

and throws it at him.  He steps on the button, but the ghost isn't getting 

sucked in.) 
  
  

Peter:  Uh, oh!  I think we've got a real tough customer here, guys! 
  
  

(The ghost now gets some "football grenades" which he hurls at the 

Ghostbusters. They blow up on impact.  The Ghostbusters flee.) 
  
  

Everyone:  YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!  (They run as the ghost
pursues them.) 
  
  

Ghost:  I WANT THE MISERY CHICK!  I WANT THE MISERY
CHICK!  I WANT THE 

MISERY CHICK!  (He throws more football grenades.) 
  
  

Peter:  Got any good ideas, Egon? 
  
  

Egon:  All I have to say right now, is--RUN!  (They head for the Ecto-1
and 

drive away.  The ghost, however, is still pursuing them.) 

----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Scene 8:  The Morgendorffer residence, the living room. 
  
  

(Background music:  "Do the Devil" by the Amazing Royal Crowns.) 
  
  

(The Morgendorffers, Jane and the Sugarbakers crew are still going over
plans 

for the living room.) 
  
  

Julia:  Now I think this fabric will go very nicely with the curtains we 

picked out. 
  
  

(Suddenly, the doorbell rings.) 
  
  

Helen:  I'll get it.  (She answers the door.  Suddenly, some Secret Service 

agents swarm in.)  What is the meaning of this? 
  
  

Agent # 1:  Sorry to disturb you, Ma'am, but we're from the Secret Service.

The President needs to speak to Julia Sugarbaker. 
  
  

Helen:  In regard to what? 
  
  

Agent # 1:  Sorry, Ma'am, but that's executive privilege. 
  
  

(President Clinton now enters.) 
  
  

Clinton:  Hello, everyone!  Ah hope Ah wasn't disturbing all of ya! 
  
  

Jane:  Didn't you meet him when you were in Highland, Daria? 
  
  

Daria:  Unfortunately, yes.  He was the one who gave Beavis and
Butt-Head 

the "Best Students in the Nation" plaque. 
  
  

Jane:  And the nation's gone to Hell in a handbasket ever since. 
  
  

(Clinton approaches Julia.) 
  
  

Clinton:  Miss Sugarbaker, Ah was hoping that you'd help me in mah big 

predicament. 
  
  

Julia:  Mr. President, you're not going to tell me that you want me to lie 

under oath! 
  
  

Clinton:  Well, your friend Jimmy Carter told me that if I ever needed help, 

to come to you! 
  
  

Julia:  May I remind you that he said that you haven't been too truthful in 

this whole mess! 
  
  

Clinton:  Now, now, Miss Sugarbaker, that's tha pot calling tha kettle black!

Just remember what he said during that "Playboy" interview when he thought

tha tape wasn't rolling! 
  
  

Julia:  Then again, he's always been faithful to Rosalyn, which is something 

I can't say about you with Hillary! 
  
  

Clinton:  C'mon, Miss Sugarbaker!  I just want you to tell tha House 

Judiciary Committee that I was really discussing plans to redecorate tha 

Lincoln Bedroom with you and tha others on tha day Monica allegedly 

serviced me! 
  
  

Julia:  Well, I never! 
  
  

Clinton:  C'mon, Miss Sugarbaker, Ah am not a philanderer! 
  
  

Daria:  Nixon said he wasn't a crook, and that didn't help him, either. 
  
  

Clinton:  Do An know you, young lady? 
  
  

Daria:  Yes, you do, Mr. President.  I'm Daria Morgendorffer.  I was there
at 

Highland High School when you gave that award to Beavis and Butt-Head. 
  
  

Clinton:  Now Ah remember!  Beavis and Butt-Head are cool! 

HEH-HEH-HEH-HEH-HEH-HEH-HEH-HEH-HEH-HEH-HEH-HEH-HEH-HEH!

  
  

Jane:  Now I know for sure; those two corrupted him and made him do all
that 

 stuff to Lewinsky! 
  
  

Mary Jo:  This is revolting! 
  
  

(Suddenly, the Ecto-1 pulls up, and the Ghostbusters run for the house, 

bowling over the Secret Service agents with the ghost in pursuit.) 
  
  

Agent # 1:  HOLD IT THERE, OR I'LL SHOOT!  (He whips out a gun.) 
  
  

Helen:  Will someone tell me what the Hell is going in here? 
  
  

Clinton:  (Seeing the Ghostbusters)  You're those Ghostbusters fellas, 

aren't you? 
  
  

Egon:  Yes we are, Mr. President. 
  
  

Daria:  If you think you're going to get me to co-operate in your silly 

investigation, you're just wasting your time. 
  
  

Jane:  (Seeing the ghost)  Uh, Daria, you'd better take another look. 
  
  

(Daria sees the ghost.) 
  
  

Ghost:  MISERY CHICK!  YOU'RE TIME HAS COME!  HA HA HA
HA HA HA HA HA HA HA 

HA HA HA HA HA HA HA! 
  
  

Daria:  Oh, great!  There really is a ghost of Tommy Sherman here. 
  
  

Ghost:  MISERY CHICK, YOU WILL HAVE MY CHILD, OR ELSE! 
  
  

Daria:  You're an even bigger pervert dead than you were alive.  I'm not 

going to have your child. 
  
  

Ghost:  SO BE IT!  (He darts right for Daria.) 
  
  

Egon:  Miss Morgendorffer, look out! 
  
  

(Daria turns around and sees the ghost heading straight for her.  He enters 

her body.  Daria collapses on the floor, screaming as her body transforms. 

Her skin turns pale green, her eyes become those of a cat, her hair becomes

disheveled, and her clothes turn into that of a Lawndale football player.) 
  
  

Helen:  (Racing up to Daria)  Daria!  Are you all right! 
  
  

(Daria/Tommy lets out an unearthly roar, and knocks her clear across the 

room.) 
  
  

Daria/Tommy:  THE SOW IS MINE! 
  
  

Jane:  Oh, great!  He's ripping off dialogue from "The Exorcist"!  If she 

begins to projectile vomit green pea soup, I'm out of here! 
  
  

(An organ interlude plays as Janet Wygal sings "Excuse me!  Excuse me!" 

while the scene where Peter accepts the citation from Mayor Giuliani is 

shown in slo-motion in blue tint, with the Daria logo superimposed over it.) 

----------------------------------------------------------------------------

COMMERCIAL BREAK 1 
  
  

(A man bangs a gong marked "A J. Arthur Rank Enterprise."  Suddenly,
some 

martial artists arrive and karate chop each other to the tune of "Kung Fu 

Fighting".) 
  
  

Announcer:  This Saturday afternoon on "Karate Chop Theater", it's "The 

Purple Dragons of Death Versus the Concordium of Thirteen!"  This film
won 

the Bruce Lee Memorial Award for best martial arts film in Hong Kong in 

1993!  Here is a scene from the film! 
  
  

(A wharf in Hong Kong is the setting.  The Purple Dragons of Death arrive, 

all wearing purple martial artist's outfits.  The Concordium of Thirteen 

arrive in the opposite direction, all dressed in black.  All throughout, the 

dubbed dialogue does not match the movements of the actor's lips.) 
  
  

Purple Dragon # 1:  There you are, you evil Concordium of Thirteen thugs! 
  
  

Concordium Member # 1:  HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA!  You
think you can stop 

us?  We'll see you choke on your own blood first, you son of maggots! 
  
  

(A karate fight suddenly breaks out.  Karate kicks and punches are thrown.

Purple Dragon # 1 suddenly seizes Concordium Member # 1 by his neck
and 

rips his spinal cord out.) 
  
  

Purple Dragon # 1:  HMMMMM, just like in "Mortal Kombat!" 
  
  

Announcer:  Don't miss every exciting minute of "The Purple Dragons of 

Death Versus the Concordium of Thirteen," this week's presentation on
"Karate 

Chop Theater!"  This Saturday afternoon at 3, here on this station! 
  
  

(Another commercial begins.  A man in an army uniform is sitting in front of 

a Nazi flag.  The caption on the TV says "Der Fuehrer Brad Schlitz, Leader 

of the Upstate Nazi Party.") 
  
  

Schlitz:  (Giving the Nazi salute) DUH!  Heil me!  I am Der Fuehrer Brad 

Schlitz, leader of the Upstate Nazi Party.  I think all my tax money goes to 

New York City and goes to welfare-cheating minorities!  Therefore, I sue
the 

state constantly, despite the fact the courts keep throwing my lawsuits out 

and say that they're frivolous!  New York City is Hell on Earth!  They want 

to dump their trash up here in Upstate!  They want to send all the homeless 

people up here to live with us!  (He gives the Nazi salute.) Heil me!  I 

want you to vote for my hand-picked candidate for Congress, Fred
LaCroix. 
  
  

(Camera pans to LaCroix.) 
  
  

LaCroix:  If I'm elected to Congress,  I'll abolish welfare, affirmative 

action, civil rights laws and allow clear-cut logging in the Adirondack Park. 

 And we'll secede from the rest of New York State; we don't want those 

pinko Downstaters telling us what to do! 
  
  

Schlitz:  DUH!  So vote for Fred LaCroix on Election Day--OR ELSE! 
(He 

gives the Nazi salute) Heil me! 
  
  

LaCroix:  (Giving the Nazi salute.)  ZEIG HEIL! 
  
  

Announcer:  Paid for by the Upstate Nazi Party, a/k/a the Upstate
Taxpayers 

Coalition, a/k/a the I, Bob Schlitz Rubber Stamp Politburo and Reichstag, 

a/k/a Angry White Men for  an Ultra-Right Wing Dictatorship. 

----------------------------------------------------------------------------

ACT II, MARLINS 0 

(Which proves how low the defending World Champions have fallen this 

season.) 
  
  

(The ghost from the Ghostbusters' logo is trying to saw through the slash 

in the "No" sign, but sees that the show's back on, and hides the saw.) 
  
  

Logo Ghost:  WHOOPS!  We now return to "The Real Ghostbusters." 
  
  

Jane:  (Suddenly breaking into the scene)  Wait a minute, buddy, this is 

supposed to be an episode of "Daria"! 
  
  

Logo Ghost:  But it's in the script! 
  
  

Jane:  I don't give a rat's ass!  (She kicks him in the crotch, sending him 

howling.)  Don't interrupt like that again, or I'll beat you up real good 

next time! 
  
  

(The Logo Ghost crawls away as Jane goes back to the Morgendorffer
house.) 
  
  

Jane:  Now, where were we?  Oh, yeah!  Daria just got possessed by the
ghost 

of Tommy Sherman.  Roll 'em! 

----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Scene 1:  The Morgendorffer house, the living room. 
  
  

(Daria/Tommy lets out an unearthly roar.) 
  
  

Jake:  Oh, my god!  Daria's been possessed by the ghost of Tommy
Sheridan! 
  
  

Helen:  (Getting up from the floor)  Jake you are SOOOOOOO observant!

  
  

Jake:  Why, thanks, Dear! 
  
  

Helen:  (Shrieking at the top of her voice)  I MEANT THAT
SARCASTICALLY, 

JAKE! 
  
  

Jake:  (Meekly) Yes, Honey! 
  
  

Peter:  So, what do we do now, kemosabes? 
  
  

Egon:  We've got to get the ghost of Tommy Sherman out of Daria, that's 

what! 
  
  

Ray:  But if we zap her with the proton packs, we'll disassociate her at the 

atomic level! 
  
  

Quinn:  Which means what?  Speak in terms we can understand! 
  
  

Egon:  It means that her atoms will take separate vacations. 
  
  

Clinton:  Ah need a vacation myself, far, far away from all mah problems! 
  
  

Helen:  Oh, will you shut up, Mr. President!  Can't you obviously see that 

my daughter is being possessed by an malevolent being right now, and all
you 

care about is saving your sorry ass! 
  
  

Clinton:  Ah can't help it! 
  
  

Jane:  While we're talking here, Daria's still being controlled by that 

being! 
  
  

Dana:  I say kill them all!  Let God sort them out!  LET'S ROCK!  (She
fires 

her proton pack, but Daria/Tommy is unfazed.) 
  
  

Daria/Tommy:  YOU WILL PAY FOR THAT OUTBURST, YOU
SOW!  (He/she kicks Dana 

in the solar plexus.) 
  
  

Peter:  DANA!  (He rushed up to her.)  Are you all right? 
  
  

Dana:  Yeah, yeah, yeah! 
  
  

Daria/Tommy:  ENOUGH OF ALL THIS NONSENSE!  I WILL SEEK
SOMEONE ELSE TO 

BEAR MY CHILD!  (He/she leaves.) 
  
  

Janine:  She's getting away! 
  
  

Agent # 2:  I've got a bead on her!  (He fires, but the bullets bounce off 

him/her.) 
  
  

Egon:  It'll do no good.  Conventional weapons are going to be useless on 

this one!  We need to use our ultimate weapon! 
  
  

Peter:  Egon, you don't mean. . . 
  
  

Egon:  Yes, I do, Peter. 
  
  

Peter:  Are you REALLY sure that's necessary, Egon? 
  
  

Egon:  If I have to say that again, Peter, we'll dance to it. 
  
  

Peter:  OK, OK, I can take a hint!  I'll call Lewis and tell him.  (He goes 

to the phone.) 

----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Scene 2:  Ghostbusters Headquarters. 
  
  

(Background music:  "The End is the Beginning is the End" from Smashing 

Pumpkins.) 
  
  

(Lewis is going through the books for the taxes.  The phone rings.) 
  
  

Lewis:  Hello, Ghostbusters.  Lewis Tully speaking.  How may we help
you? 
  
  

(The screen splits to show Peter at the left and Lewis on the right.) 
  
  

Peter:  Lewis, this is Peter.  We're going to need our ultimate weapon. 

Could you get it for us and send it over by UPS SonicAir? 
  
  

Lewis:  Are you serious? 
  
  

Peter:  Egon said if anyone said that again, we'd dance to it. 
  
  

Lewis:  OK, OK, I'll get it.  Where do I send it to, anyway? 
  
  

Peter:  Hold on; I'll get the address for you! 

----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Scene 3:  The basement of the Ghostbusters Headquarters. 
  
  

(Lewis is seen going down the stairs with a ghost trap.  He goes to the 

containment unit and puts the trap in the unit's entrance.) 
  
  

Lewis:  Man, it's not everyday that the guys decide that they want to use the

Stay-Puft Marshmallow Man on a case!  (He pulls the lever and the trap 

fills up.)  OK, now to call UPS and get this going! 
  
  

(He goes up the stairs again.) 

----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Scene 4:  Main Street, Downtown Lawndale. 
  
  

(Background music:  "Complication" by The Monks.) 
  
  

(Daria/Tommy is heading down the street, with panicking citizens fleeing 

from her.) 
  
  

Daria/Tommy:  ALL OF LAWNDALE WILL PAY FOR WHAT THE
MISERY CHICK DID TO ME! 

(He/she then vomits up green pea soup, which hurtles down the street and 

overwhelms several people, carrying them away.) 
  
  

(The Ecto-1 is in hot pursuit behind her, followed by the Morgendorffers in 

their car, and the Sugarbakers' van.) 
  
  

Egon:  (In Ecto-1).  I can only hope the Lewis can send the Stay-Puft 

Marshmallow Man over here before it's too late! 
  
  

Peter:  What do you mean by too late, Egon? 
  
  

Egon:  (Taking his paranormal activity meter out)  By my calculations, the 

combined Daria/Tommy entity will lay waste to the whole city in two hours. 
  
  

(As to confirm that remark, Daria/Tommy is seen trashing Cranberry
Commons.) 
  
  

Quinn:  (In Morgendorffer car)  Oh, no!  Daria's destroying Cashman's! 
  
  

Jane:  (Sardonically)  Like that the most important thing in the world to her
right 

now! 
  
  

(Daria/Tommy is seen heading for the Crewe Neck gated community.) 
  
  

Jake:  Oh, my god!  She's headed for Crewe Neck! 
  
  

Jane:  That means only one thing. 
  
  

Jake:  What's that? 
  
  

Jane:  Tommy still wants to bed Brittany! 
  
  

Helen:  Why, the nerve of him!  Jake, burn rubber! 
  
  

(The car speeds up.) 

----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Scene 5:  The Taylor residence, Crewe Neck Gated Community.  Brittany's

room. 
  
  

(Background music:  "Iron Man" by Black Sabbath, as done by Beavis and 

Butt-Head.) 
  
  

(Brittany is seen in a set of blue pajamas, doing her hair.  Suddenly, 

Daria/Tommy is seen approaching the house.) 
  
  

Brittany:  What is going on out there? 
  
  

(She goes to her window and opens the curtains.  She sees Daria/Tommy
and 

lets out a shriek.) 
  
  

Daria/Tommy:  BRITTANY TAYLOR, YOU WILL HAVE MY LOVE
CHILD! 
  
  

Brittany:  Daria, if this is your idea of a sick joke, I'm not laughing! 
  
  

Daria/Tommy:  I AM NOT THE MISERY CHICK!  I AM TOMMY
SHERMAN!  YOU WILL PAY 

FOR TURNING ME DOWN!  (She/he then vomits green pea soup on
her.) 
  
  

Brittany:  EWWWWWWWWW! 
  
  

(Daria/Tommy thrusts a hand through the window, and grabs Brittany,
causing 

her to scream as she's carried off.  The Ecto-1 pulls up, with the 

Ghostbusters exiting the vehicle.) 
  
  

Egon:  FULL STREAM, NOW!  (They fire the proton packs at full power. 

However, Daria/Tommy is unaffected.) 
  
  

Peter:  Egon, can we get our money back on these proton packs?  They're
not 

working on this one! 
  
  

Ray:  Too late to worry about that now, Peter!  RUN!  (They scatter as 

Daria/Tommy goes after them.) 
  
  

(The Morgendorffer car stops, and everyone gets out.) 
  
  

Jane:  Let me see if I can talk some sense into Daria!  (She goes in front 

of her.)  Daria, if you can hear me, it's Jane!  Put Brittany down and let's 

talk some sense! 
  
  

Daria/Tommy:  GO TO HELL!  (She vomits green pea soup on her.) 
  
  

Jane:  Me and my big mouth!  (She runs.) 
  
  

Egon:  Try to get to the high school!  We'll regroup there!  (Everyone goes 

back in their cars and drives off.) 
  
  

Dana:  This isn't looking too great, guys! 
  
  

Peter:  We're running out of options here, Egon! 
  
  

Egon:  There's one thing we can try; in theory it could work, but it's very 

dangerous. 
  
  

Peter:  What's that, Egon? 
  
  

Egon:  Remember when we temporarily went into the crimefighting business,
and 

adjusted the proton packs for human biorhythms? 
  
  

Peter:  Yeah, so? 
  
  

Egon:  If we could adjust them at the right setting, we could force Tommy 

Sherman out of Daria Morgendorffer without killing her.  But it would have 

to be at the exact frequency.  Too low and it won't hurt either of them; 

too high, and we'll kill Daria in trying to save her. 
  
  

Winston:  It's worth a shot, man! 
  
  

Janine:  You've got my vote on that, Egon! 
  
  

Ray:  Right now, we don't have much choice. 
  
  

Egon:  I guess it's settled, then.  We'll need to have Slimer possess 

someone and then try the proton packs at the lowest setting, then increase 

by small increments until we get the right frequency.  Using that, then we 

can set the other packs accordingly. 
  
  

Peter:  But how will we know that that setting will work on Daria? 
  
  

Egon:  It'll have to do, I guess. 
  
  

Dana:  It's a big gamble, but I'll bet the whole ranch on it. 
  
  

Egon:  Very well.   Let's head for the high school! 
  
  

(They drive off.) 

----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Scene 6:  Lawndale High School.  The auditorium. 
  
  

(Background music:  "Caught a Light Sneeze" by Tori Amos.) 
  
  

(Everyone is on the stage.  Helen has a shocked expression on her face.) 
  
  

Helen:  You want to do WHAT! 
  
  

Egon:  We just want a volunteer to be temporarily possessed by Slimer so
we 

can test a theory we're working on. 
  
  

Jane:  For what it's worth, I'll volunteer! 
  
  

Jake:  Jane, you don't have to do this! 
  
  

Jane:  If it will save Daria's life, I'm willing to risk it! 
  
  

Peter:  OK, we got our victim--uh, volunteer, Egon! 
  
  

Egon:  Slimer? 
  
  

(Slimer goes to Egon, moaning and groaning.) 
  
  

Egon:  I want you to possess Jane over there. 
  
  

(Slimer grunts his objections.) 
  
  

Egon:  I know, I know, you wouldn't hurt a fly, but this is important! 
  
  

(Slimer grunts his assent and goes into Jane, who then turns into a green, 

globby version of herself.) 
  
  

Jane/Slimer:  Funny, I don't feel any different other than being gooey. 

Maybe I can become the world's first living piece of art:  "Gooey Jane!" 
  
  

Egon:  OK, let's set the proton packs to the lowest setting possible.  (The 

adjustments are made.)  OK, fire when ready.  (They aim at Jane/Slimer.) 

Now!  (They fire away, but there's no effect on Jane/Slimer.) 
  
  

(Trent suddenly enters.) 
  
  

Trent:  (To Helen) I heard that Janey was in here, Mrs. Morgendorffer. 

Where is she? 
  
  

Helen:  Right over there (pointing to her.) 
  
  

Trent:  (Going to Jane)  Janey, what happened to you? 
  
  

Jane/Slimer:  It's kind of a long story right now, Trent. 
  
  

Trent:  Cool.  Are you trying out for the role of the She-Hulk? 
  
  

Egon:  You'd better stand back, Sir!  We're conducting some tests! 
  
  

Trent:  Fine by me.  (He gets out of the way.) 
  
  

Egon:  Let's try this again.  (He and the others aim and fire again.  Still 

no effect.) 
  
  

Ray:  Man, how high do we have to set these things before they work? 
  
  

Jake:  I'll be right back.  I need to use the men's room.  (He goes out to 

the hall.  Meanwhile, Daria/Tommy burst through a doorway and down the
hall, 

still having Brittany with her/him.  Jake sees her and yelps.)  Oh, Daria! 

Come to have a heart-to-heart talk with your old man? 
  
  

Daria/Tommy:  YOU ARE A PUTZ, JAKE MORGENDORFFER! 
(She/he vomits green pea 

soup on him.) 
  
  

Jake:  Daria, honey, I know you think I'm not that great of a father, but I 

want to make it up to you.  You know, I didn't get along too well with 

Grandpa Morgendorffer.  Then he sent me away to military school, that
cad! 

OOOOOH!  I rued that day I was sent there!  I never liked it there!  Let
me 

assure you, Daria, that I'll never send you to military school, unless 

you're thinking of going to West Point after you graduate or something. 

Hell, if you ever entered the service, I bet you'd kick the crap out of the 

first drill sergeant who tried to make a pass at you!  (He laughs nervously.) 
  
  

Daria/Tommy:  DO NOT HUMOR ME!  (She/he lets out another unearthly
roar. 

Jake runs down the hall, screaming.) 
  
  

Egon:  (Back at the stage)  We'd better hurry up!  I think Daria's in here! 
  
  

(Daria/Tommy is seen going down the hall.  Brittany is screaming her head 

off.  Daria/Tommy goes to the doors of the auditorium and erects an energy 

barrier around them, sealing them off.  Egon goes to the doors to open
them, 

but is zapped by energy.  The others rush to him.) 
  
  

Janine:  Egon!  Are you all right? 
  
  

Egon:  Just temporarily stunned, Janine.  (He gets up.)  However, it looks 

like we're trapped here. 
  
  

Peter:  Oh, great!  Now what do we do? 
  
  

Jane/Slimer:  Well, guys, you could see about getting your proton packs 

adjusted.  While this is fun, I don't want to go around having a harmless 

ghost possess my body. 
  
  

Egon:  Point taken.  Let's get down to business. 
  
  

(Back outside, Daria/Tommy has Brittany in a tight grip.) 
  
  

Daria/Tommy:  YOU WILL HAVE MY LOVE CHILD!!!!!! 
  
  

Brittany:  NOOOOOOOO!!!!! 
  
  

(Jake returns from the men's room.  He sees them.) 
  
  

Jake:  Daria, if you let Brittany go, I could give you that suit of armor 

you wanted for your last birthday.  It'll go very well with the decor in 

your room. 
  
  

Daria/Tommy:  GET LOST, CRUD!  (She/he throws up green pea soup on
him 

again, then advances on him.)  I WILL KILL YOU!  HA HA HA HA HA
HA HA HA 

HA HA!!!!!!!!! 
  
  

Jake:  Something tells me I should have stayed in bed today! 
  
  

(Splendora does that extended "La la la LAAAAAAA la LAAAAAAA!"
chorus 

twice, as the scene where Daria/Tommy is destroying Cashman's is
replayed 

in slo-motion in a blue tint, with the Daria logo superimposed over it.) 

----------------------------------------------------------------------------

COMMERCIAL BREAK 2 
  
  

Announcer:  On the next "South Park," Kenny gets a special award from the

National Academy of Television Arts and Sciences for "perfecting the fine 

art of cartoon violence" from the masters of the tradition themselves, 

Tom and Jerry! 
  
  

(Scene:  South Park City Hall.  The entire "South Park" gang is there, along 

with Tom, Jerry, Nibbles, Spike, Tyke, Droopy Dog, Butch, Barney Bear
and 

Yakky Doodle.  Tom has the Lifetime Achievement Emmy for Kenny.) 
  
  

Tom:  Congratulations, Kenny McCormick!  No one can bounce back from
being 

electrocuted, chopped up into little bits, impaled and many other gruesome 

ways of dying better than you! 
  
  

(Among the crowd, a woman who looks familiar is seen wearing sunglasses.

Suddenly, she takes them off, yells and bounds onto the stage.  It's none 

other than Peggy Charren, president of Action for Children's Television.) 
  
  

Charren:  AHA!  I caught you!  Violence on television leads to violent 

children! 
  
  

Cartman:  Bull(BLEEP)! 
  
  

(Suddenly, Charren whips out an AK-47.) 
  
  

Charren:  DIE, KENNY, DIE!  (She shoots him full of lead, and he drops.) 
  
  

Stan:  Oh, my God!  They killed Kenny! 
  
  

Kyle:  You bastards! 
  
  

Charren:  Now I'm going to ask Congress to pass strict TV censorship
laws, 

and have them name me the chairperson of the censorship board! 
  
  

(Droopy goes up to her.) 
  
  

Droopy:  (Laconically) You know what, you've made me very angry!  (He 

suddenly seizes her by her right arm and thrashes her in all four 

directions.) 
  
  

Barney:  Will you look at that!  Droopy's kicking her ass! 
  
  

(Tyke bites Charren on the rear end.) 
  
  

Spike:  HA CHA CHA CHA CHA CHA CHA CHA CHA CHA!  That's
my boy! 
  
  

Nibbles:  (Who, it turns, out sounds more like Weird Harold from "Fat 

Albert" rather than that phony French accent he had in those "Three 

Musketeers" inspired "Tom and Jerry" shorts; if you doubt me, check out
the 

1980 Filmation "Tom and Jerry" series, dude!)  Yeah, that's it, Droopy and 

Tyke!  Kick her ass! 
  
  

(Yakky Doodle pecks Charren's right shin, sending her howling.  Butch
kicks 

her ass for good measure.) 
  
  

Jerry:  And to think she thought we were violent! 
  
  

Chef:  Man, I want to kick her ass when they're done with her! 
  
  

Announcer:  Don't miss what happens on the next all new episode of "South

Park"!  Wednesday night at 10:00 PM Eastern, 9:00 PM Central, only on 

Comedy Central.  If you don't have Comedy Central, call your local cable 

company today and tell them to add Comedy Central now! 
  
  

(Another commercial.  A bunch of grungy teenagers are on a service road
next 

 to the Long Island Expressway somewhere in Ronkonkoma, New York. 
One of 

them is at another service road across the LIE from the others.  He sets a 

can of Surge on a folding table, opens it up, and yells
"SURRRRRRRRRGE!" 

The teens now rush out.  One would expect them to be ran over, but since
the 

 LIE is known as "The World's Longest Parking Lot," and it's in the middle 

 of rush hour, they just walk, hop and step over cars caught in gridlock 

while their drivers yell, curse and give the finger at them.  One of the 

drivers looks suspiciously like the author's biological father, a man in his 

 early 50's with brown balding hair, and driving a silver Chevy Truck.  One 

of the teens makes it across and grabs the can of Surge.) 
  
  

Announcer:  Surge. A fully loaded citrus soda with carbos.  Surge.  Feed
the 

rush! 

----------------------------------------------------------------------------

ACT III, DEVIL RAYS 0 

(Which once again proves that expansion teams suck!) 
  
  

(The Real Ghostbusters logo ghost is seen upside-down.  He notices it and 

turns himself around.) 
  
  

Logo Ghost:  We now return to "The Real Ghostbusters"! 
  
  

Jane/Slimer:  That did it!  (She goes to the logo, and spins it around 

violently, causing the logo ghost to be thrown violently offstage.)  I just 

hope nothing like this happens again!  (She goes back on stage.) 

----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Scene 1:  The hallway of Lawndale High School. 
  
  

(Jake is seen running for his life from Daria/Tommy.) 
  
  

Jake:  Daria, can't we talk this out? 
  
  

Daria/Tommy:  IT IS TOO LATE FOR TALKING!  (She/he projectile
vomits green 

pea soup again.) 
  
  

Brittany:  HELP ME!  SOMEONE HELP ME! 

----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Scene 2:  The auditorium. 
  
  

(Background music:  "Super Bon-Bon" by Soul Coughing.) 
  
  

(The Ghostbusters are still testing out the settings on their proton packs. 

Nothing seems to be working.) 
  
  

Egon:  I don't know if we can risk any more of these experiments; the higher

we set these, the more risk we'll do something to Jane. 
  
  

Suzanne:  Well, Mister Smarty-pants, if you designed these weapons
yourself, 

don't you know what setting to put them on? 
  
  

Egon:  Miss Sugarbaker, ghostbusting isn't an exact science. 
  
  

Suzanne:  Well, excuse me!  (She huffs at him.) 
  
  

Julia:  Suzanne, we're fighting for our lives here, and you have to 

complain? 
  
  

Clinton:  Man, all this is making mah troubles look trivial!  Ah wonder how 

Al is doing while Ah'm away? 
  
  

Jane/Slimer:  Well, if that depiction of him as Eeyore the donkey from 

"Winnie-the-Pooh" that I saw on an episode of "Pinky and the Brain" is 

right, we're in very big trouble! 
  
  

Clinton:  Have you read his book on the environment? 
  
  

Jane/Slimer:  Well, actually, I'm waiting for the movie to come out! 
  
  

Egon:  OK, I guess we'll give it one last chance.  Crank the proton packs up

one more notch!  (They do so.)  OK, ready, aim, fire!  (They fire away. 

Slimer is hit, then suddenly, he's thrust out of Jane.) 
  
  

Peter:  We did it, Egon!  We got the proton pack calibrated! 
  
  

Ray:  But that's only half the battle, Peter!  We've got to find a way out 

of here! 
  
  

Egon:  (Taking a power meter and checking the reading) None of us can get

out of here, but any ghost can! 
  
  

Peter:  Egon, you're not saying-- 
  
  

Egon:  Yes, Peter, we're going to have to equip Slimer with one of our 

proton packs and send him out there. 
  
  

Peter:  I was afraid you were going to say that.  OK, Slimer. (He floats to 

him.)  Put this on.  (He does so.)  I'm trusting you to keep the damage and 

casualties low until we can get out of here, OK? 
  
  

(Slimer grunts his approval and goes.) 
  
  

Peter:  I guess I'll take that for a "Yes." 
  
  

Winston:  Until the Stay-Puft Marshmallow Man arrives, Slimer's our only 

hope. 
  
  

Peter:  Man, I'd rather be stuck in traffic somewhere on the New Jersey 

Turnpike! 

----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Scene 3:  Outside the high school. 
  
  

(Background music:  "Blister" by Salt.) 
  
  

(A UPS driver pulls up.  He takes out a package.) 
  
  

UPS Driver:  My instructions say that when I get here, to open this package

up.  Well, here goes! 
  
  

(He opens it up, and the Stay-Puft Marshmallow Man emerges.  The driver 

yells, goes back to his truck and drives away.) 
  
  

UPS Driver:  Man, I've got to lay off having Coors with my baloney 

sandwiches for lunch!  (He disappears down the road.) 
  
  

Stay-Puft:  Where is everyone?  (He reduces his size and goes into the 

school.  He notices the energy barrier surrounding the auditorium.  He takes

a peek inside.)  Hey, guys!  What are you doing in there! 
  
  

Peter:  Hey, there's the Stay-Puft Marshmallow Man! 
  
  

Helen:  HUH! 
  
  

Egon:  Long story, Mrs. Morgendorffer.  Stay-Puft, we need you to bring
down 

this energy barrier. 
  
  

Stay-Puft:  OK!  (He thrusts his hand into it, and absorbs the energy.) 
  
  

Egon:  OK, let's move out!  (They leave the auditorium.) 

----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Scene 4:  The hallway. 
  
  

(Background music:  "One" by Metallica.) 
  
  

(Slimer is going down the hallway, cautiously.  He hears an unearthly roar 

and runs to investigate.  Daria/Tommy has Brittany trapped in a corner.) 
  
  

Daria/Tommy:  YOU WILL HAVE MY LOVE CHILD! 
  
  

Brittany:  But, why? 
  
  

Daria/Tommy:  Because you refused to sleep with me when I visited here! 
Our 

 love child then will wreak vengeance on Lawndale and destroy the Misery 

Chick!  He will take over the world!  HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA
HA HA HA HA! 
  
  

Brittany:  NEVER! 
  
  

Daria/Tommy:  IT IS TOO LATE! 
  
  

(Slimer goes up behind her/him and fires.  It just misses, distracting 

her/him.) 
  
  

Daria/Tommy:  WHAT!  (She/he turns around and now sees that the entire 

Ghostbusters gang and the others are behind her.  The spooky guitar riff 

from the "Theme from 'Ghostbusters'" now plays, and the instrumental
version 

of the song plays throughout the rest of the scene, with the occasional 

shouting of the chorus "GHOSTBUSTERS!" throughout.) 
  
  

Egon:  As they say in football, Tommy Sherman, you're now at fourth and 

long! 
  
  

Peter:  Might as well turn in your helmet and give up! 
  
  

Daria/Tommy:  NEVER!  (She/he lunges right for them.  They fire.  She/he 

collapses to the floor in agony.  The ghost of Tommy Sherman leaves, then 

flees, leaving Daria behind.  Brittany goes up to her.) 
  
  

Daria:  What the Hell happened to me? 
  
  

Brittany:  Daria!  You're back to you plain old miserable self!  That isn't 

much, but it's sure better than what you just were! 
  
  

Dana:  Right now, we've got ectoplasmic ass to kick!  LET'S ROCK! 
(They go 

in pursuit.) 
  
  

(They run down the hallway.  Dana sees Tommy and chases him.  Tommy, 

however, then gets behind her, then corners her.) 
  
  

Tommy:  YOU WILL HAVE MY LOVE CHILD!  (He opens his mouth,
and another mouth 

juts out.  Dana cringes at the sight of it.) 
  
  

Dana:  Oh, no!  Not again! 
  
  

(Tommy feels a tap on his shoulder.  He sees the Stay-Puft Marshmallow
Man 

right behind him.) 
  
  

Stay-Puft:  Leave my friends alone!  (He punches him clear across the hall, 

and right through to outside.) 
  
  

Daria:  Don't let that bastard get away! 
  
  

Egon:  Here!  (He gives her a proton pack.) 
  
  

Daria:  Thanks! 
  
  

(They run off in pursuit.) 
  
  

(Tommy hopes to make a clean getaway, but suddenly finds himself 

surrounded.) 
  
  

Peter:  This is your two minute warning, Tommy! 
  
  

Tommy:  YOU WILL NEVER GET ME!  (He roars, then unleashes energy
that 

overwhelms Lawndale.) 
  
  

Daria:  You're going down, Tommy Sherman!  (She fires.  Tommy shrieks
in 

agony.  The rest join in.) 
  
  

Peter:  In you go, Tommy!  (He grabs a ghost trap, and flings it right 

beneath Tommy.  He steps on the trigger, and Tommy begins to go down.) 
  
  

Tommy:  I'm taking you with me, Misery Chick!  (He grabs her, but
Stay-Puft 

charges at them, frees Daria and tackles Tommy.) 
  
  

Stay-Puft:  You'll have to trap me with him!  It's your only chance! 
  
  

Peter:  Right!  (Stay-Puft drags Tommy down into the trap.  Peter takes his 

foot off the trap, closing it.) 
  
  

(Jane runs to Daria.) 
  
  

Jane:  Daria, are you OK? 
  
  

Daria:  Considering that I was possessed by the ghost of Tommy Sherman
and 

then saved by another ghost, I'm fine. 
  
  

(Everyone warily goes to the trap.  Egon picks it up.  The sky brightens to 

reveal the damage done to Lawndale.) 
  
  

Egon:  We did it, but look at the damage that's been done. 
  
  

Clinton:  If it helps, Ah can declare this town a Federal disaster area. 
  
  

Daria:  Which is more than I could say for him! 
  
  

Peter:  Well, I guess we'll take this ghost back with us! 
  
  

(Ms. Li goes to Egon.) 
  
  

Egon:  Dr. Spengler, congratulations for putting an end to this haunting! 
  
  

Egon:  Ms. Li, from what I've seen of this situation, Tommy Sherman is 

indeed a sleezebag!  Daria was right.  We're going to dispose of this ghost 

properly.  We'll send you a bill as soon as we can.  Right now, I just want 

to get out of here! 
  
  

Daria:  You know, Jane, that Egon is a man after my own heart. 
  
  

Jane:  C'mon, Daria, Trent's the one you really care about. 
  
  

Daria:  True, but Egon's smart and he's got a job. 
  
  

Peter:  Our job here is done.  Have a nice day!  (He and the other 

Ghostbusters leave.) 
  
  

Ms. Li:  That's it?  It's all over? 
  
  

Daria:  Not quite!  I think there's one matter we should discuss, Ms. Li? 
  
  

Ms. Li:  And what's that? 
  
  

Daria:  Possible violations of mine and other student's civil rights in this 

whole mess! 
  
  

Ms. Li:  Ms. Morgendorffer, you're trying my patience! 
  
  

Daria:  I won't file a big suit if you promise to do this--(She whispers in 

Ms. Li's ear.) 
  
  

Ms. Li:  Never!  I won't even consider it! 
  
  

Daria:  Then I'll see you in court!  Come on, Mom!  I want to file a suit! 
  
  

Ms. Li:  Then again, I can be flexible! 
  
  

(Daria stops in her tracks, and smiles.) 

----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Scene 5:  Ghostbusters Headquarters. 
  
  

(The Ghostbusters are at the containment unit.  Egon puts Tommy and 

Stay-Puft inside.) 
  
  

Egon:  Well, that takes care of that. 
  
  

Peter:  Man, that Daria is one creepy woman.  I'm just glad that Janine 

isn't like that! 
  
  

(Outside, Slimer is minding his own business.  However, Prof. Dweeb is
seen 

going up to him with a device that's supposed to suck up ghosts.) 
  
  

Prof. Dweeb:  AHA!  I caught you!  (Slimer screams in panic.)  There's no 

escape this time! 
  
  

(Peter and the others hear it.) 
  
  

Peter:  Oh, no!  Not that Prof. Dweeb guy again! 
  
  

(They all race upstairs and outside.  However, when they get there, they see

someone kick the crap out of Prof. Dweeb.  It's none other than Janine. 

She's wearing a brown T-shirt, a green field jacket, a black knee-length 

skirt and black combat boots.) 
  
  

Janine:  And don't you ever bug my friend Slimer again!  (Dweeb crawls 

away.) 
  
  

Peter:  Janine, is that you? 
  
  

Janine:  Yes it is, Dr. V!  (She goes right up to him.)  You know, meeting 

that Daria girl has given me a new attitude.  First, I'm not going to put 

up with your advances anymore!  Second, I want a raise!  Third, Egon, I
want 

you to marry me!  Fourth, any lip from anyone and I'm going to kick the 

crap out all of you! 
  
  

Peter:  Oh, my god!  Daria's created a monster out of Janine!  Run!  (They 

all do, with Janine in pursuit.) 

----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Scene 6:  The Morgendorffer's living room. 
  
  

(The Morgendorffers, Jane, and the Sugarbakers crew are going over final 

plans.  The TV is on to the local news.) 
  
  

TV Reporter:  President Clinton, knowing that he can't win in an
impeachment 

trial, resigned today.  He said that he's found religion, became Catholic 

and went to a Trappist monastery in Vermont. 
  
  

Daria:  How weird. 
  
  

Julia:  Here's our final proposal.  I hope you like it!  (She shows it to 

Jake.  Suddenly, the front door opens, and some hulking Lawndale football 

players enter.) 
  
  

Player # 1:  Hey, Misery Chick!  What's the idea of having the Tommy 

Sherman Memorial Goalpost torn down and having a new one built
dedicated to 

Albert Einstein! 
  
  

Daria:  It was my idea.  Besides, Tommy Sherman is an asshole! 
  
  

Julia:  How dare you ruffians barge in here and interrupt us like that! 
  
  

Player # 2:  Can it, sister! 
  
  

(Julia gets up and slaps him across the face.  Daria then goes to several 

of them and kicks them in the testicles.  They get the message and leave, 

going "AAAAAAAAA!" as they run.) 
  
  

Daria:  Thanks for bailing me out of that mess, Ms. Sugarbaker. 
  
  

Julia:  You know, you remind me of myself when I was your age.  I wasn't 

too popular at high school and I had to put up with an airheaded sister 

myself. 
  
  

Suzanne:  Julia! 
  
  

Mary Jo:  If the shoe fits, Suzanne, wear it! 
  
  

Daria:  Care to go to Smoggy Ralph's Bistro with me and talk about old 

memories over dinner? 
  
  

Julia:  Sure.  Excuse us, everyone!  We're going to have some girl talk. 

(She and Daria go outside and down the street.) 
  
  

Jake:  But we don't even know what our new living room's going to look
like! 
  
  

Helen:  Jake, we've been through having our daughter possessed by a 

sleezebag of a ghost, our town being smashed up, and you have to complain

about our living room?  Daria needs some fun right now.  She's been
through 

a lot! 
  
  

Jake:  But, Honey-- 
  
  

Helen:  SHUT UP, JAKE! 
  
  

Jake:  Yes, Dear! 
  
  

(Daria and Julia are seen going down the street.) 
  
  

Julia:  Are your parents always like this? 
  
  

Daria:  I'm afraid so. 
  
  

(Ray Charles' rendition of "Georgia on My Mind" begins to play as the 

closing credits roll.  Makeovers include Mack as Winston, Upchuck as
Egon, 

Mr. O'Neill as Ray, Jake as Peter, Helen as Janine, Kevin as Slimer, Jeffy 

as the kid in bed from the DIC tagline, Daria as the Columbia torch lady, 

and Mr. DeMartino as the Tri-Star Pegasus.  The Daria logo is seen just as 

the show fades to black.  However, instead of the MTV Animation logo,
cut to 

a scene where sweaty hands are seen over a piece of metal.  The left hand
is 

holding a die while the right holds a hammer.  A ominous Timpani drumroll 

is heard as the hammer hits into the die twice, with a loud "CLANG!" each 

time.   However, at the second time, the hammer hits into the left thumb. 

The person drops the hammer and die and turns to the audience.  It is none 

other than the author of the story.  He holds his left hand up and yells, 

"OUCH!  I HIT MYSELF WITH THE !@#$%^& HAMMER!"  He
walks away as it now 

becomes clear that a red computer zero [a zero with a slash through it] has 

been chiseled into the metal, with lettering above it and below it which 

says "MARK ZERO FAN FICTION UNLIMITED."   Fade to black.) 

----------------------------------------------------------------------------

THE END 

----------------------------------------------------------------------------

THIS HAS BEEN AN EXCLUSIVE CREATION OF MARK ZERO
FAN FICTION, UNLIMITED! 

----------------------------------------------------------------------------

CLANG!  CLANG!  OUCH!  I HIT MYSELF WITH THE !@#$%^&
HAMMER! 

----------------------------------------------------------------------------