Any comments about my First Fan Fiction Probably won’t be appreciated but send them anyway

The Setup

By: sbecker@springnet1.com

(Scene 1) Daria and Jane are in Daria’s room watching Sick Sad World when
the show goes to a commercial break.TV: Sick Sad World Movie opens today in
all theaters-a collection of our best stories. Jane: Okay, we can go see
Sick Sad World the movie or stay here at your house and listen to Quinn
yell Daria: Why don’t we go over to your house. Jane: Trent’s band is
practicing, he might invite you and me to alternapalaza like last year,
it’s coming up. Daria: Boy, that trip was fun. We might as well go see the
movie. Maybe Today? Jane: No tomorrow, there’s a sick sad world special on TV.
(Scene 2)  Daria, Quinn and her parents are eating Dinner in the kitchen.
Quinn: Ben and I are going to this nice French Restaurant Daria: Which one
is Ben? Quinn: Mom! Helen: Be nice Daria right Jake? Jake: What? Huh?
Helen: Why don’t you have Ben over for dinner. We need to meet your
boyfriends. Quinn: But he was going to take me out to dinner! Daria: By the
time the school week  ends tomorrow Quinn will be going out with someone
else, there won’t be enough time. Quinn: DARIA! Daria: Just trying to help.
Daria thinking, “Helping myself” Helen: We will have him over for dinner
tomorrow. We’ll make your favorite Quinn, Lasagna. Daria: I have two
observations. 1) You said we will make dinner not I. 2) You said him
instead of Ben not sure who her boyfriend is of that that current time
(Scene 3) Daria is in the living room talking on the phone with Jane.
Daria: Can I eat dinner with you? My adoptive mother is makings Quinn have
her boyfriend over for dinner Jane: Instead of Dinner, lunch and breakfast
we eat when we feel like it. Hey why don’t you and Trent…Daria: uh…. Hmmm…
Umm maybe you and me could go eat pizza and see the sick sad world movie.
Jane: Cool. 5:00 work? (Jane says this in a devil like voice) Daria: What
are you planning? Jane: nothing! (In I’m lying voice) 
(Scene 4)   Daria enters the pizza place and notices Trent is sitting in a
booth. Trent:  Hey Daria. Daria: umm hmmm where’s umm Jane. Trent: Janey is
at a real important art convention. Daria: Why umm are you umm hmm here?
Trent: Janey said that there was something you wanted to tell me. Daria:
I’ll be right back.  
(Scene 5) Daria goes to the payphones and dials Jane’s telephone number
Jane: Hello? Daria: So, the art convention is at your home. Jane: Just
trying to set you two up. Daria: And I have what to tell him? Jane: come on
tell him. Daria: Do I here Jesse in the background? You better come to the
movie with me. Jane: You know he likes you. Daria: What? Jane: see the
movie with Trent, he had to leave the house for something important. Daria:
does he even watch sick, sad, world? Jane: he hasn’t even heard of it, he
might like it thou Those are my last words. Jane: See you at your funeral,
I have your will. Can I have your TV? Daria: No. But you can kill Quinn for
me. Jane: Now those are your last words. Daria: Right.
(Scene 6)  Daria returns from her telephone call. Trent: I ordered the
pizza, I hope you like cheese and pepperoni. Daria: umm yeah.  Trent: So
what did you want to tell me. Daria: Can I umm tell you later? Trent: okay
Daria: Umm, why did you leave the house?  Did you want to umm tell me
something? Trent: Sort of but it can wait. This pizza is good. Daria:
(thinking) you haven’t had this stuff in a while have you? (Says) uh umm
yeah it’s good. Trent: Your 16 right? Daria: um yes Trent: are you planning
to go to college? Daria: (thinking) yes and no. No if I can find a career
that involves harming Quinn. Yes if I cannot. (Saying) umm Probably. Trent:
what does the movie start? Daria: umm in a couple minute Trent: How far is
the theater? Daria: walking distance. It just so happens that Brittany and
Kevin were just seated in the booth in front of them.Brittany: Oh my god!
Daria is going on a date! Says this very loudly. Kevin: What babe? Daria is
going on a date? (Also loudly) Daria: (thinking) oh goody my best friends
are here. (Saying)um hi Kevin and Brittany. Were not on a date. Kevin: umm
what was a date again? Brittany: yeah what is a date? Trent: who in the
hell are they? Daria:(thinking) the popular or stupid students of Lawndale
high school(Saying) Brittany and Kevin from um  school. As you can see
their IQs are kind of limited. Trent: yes that’s quite obivious. lets go
see the movie. Daria: good idea.
(Scene 7)  Daria and Trent are waiting in line for tickets. Daria: Damn!
Quinn and her current boyfriend are here. That’s just fantastic. Trent: is
that like your sister? Daria: sadly so. Quinn: hello. Daria are you like on
a date. Hi!(to Trent) Daria: no. Were friends. Quinn: who are you? Daria:
Quinn this is Trent. Trent this is Quinn. What movie are you going to see?
Quinn: Well I was thinking we would hang out with you guys.(looking at
Trent affectionately) Daria: were seeing sick sad world. Quinn: oh. Trent,
you want to see the movie with Ben and me? It has Whitney Houston in it
Trent: that’s okay. Daria: weren’t you supposed to be eating dinner with
mom and dad? Quinn: uh we were?Daria: Can you say blackmail? Quinn: what’s
your price? Daria: go away. Quinn: fine! 
(Scene 8) Daria and Trent are in the Movie Theater. They are waiting for
the movie to start.  Daria: Sorry about that. Trent: does she hit on every
guy she meets? Daria: Correct, what did you want to tell me? Trent: after
the movie Daria: do you like sick sad world? Trent: Yeah, but I haven’t
watched it in a while, with band practices and all. Voice: and sleeping!
Trent: Janey why are you here? I thought you were at the art convention.
Jane: got a ride over here. Daria: Jane, can I talk to you in private?
Jane: why sure! 
(Scene 9) Jane and Daria enter the ladies room
Jane: Has he kissed you yet?  Daria: damn you Jane! Jane: what? Daria:
Kevin and Brittany thought we were on a date and Quinn hit on him. Jane:
They knew what a date was? Daria: a couple seconds later they forgot. Jane:
have you done a research paper on them yet. Daria: no, but very soon I
will. Jane: so you want to go see the movie with him?
Daria: might as well. Jane: I’ll watch it with you if you don’t mind.
Daria: I do. Jane: from a distance. If things aren’t how there supposed to
be I’ll interfere. 
(Scene 10) Daria and Jane return from their chat. Daria goes to sit with
Trent, while Jane sits right behind them. Trent: Janey, can’t you go
somewhere. Jane: no. Trent: Dammit Janey Jane: fine. I just wanted to see
our little lovebirds. Daria(thinking)move a little to the right. There,
perfect aim. (Jane moves to the back row.)
 (Scene 11)Daria and Trent watch the movie together. Trent casually puts
his arm around Daria. She doesn’t notice until the end of the movie.
Credits of the movie start to roll. 
Trent: oh, sorry.(notices he had his arms around Daria) Daria: it’s okay. 

				The End 
