The Gupty kids turn bad

Description:
Daria is left to baby-sit the Gupty kids,while Jake and Helen go to
Hawaii.Quinn is out on a date,so Daria is left alone.However,Jane decides to
help out.Daria thinks this isn't such a bad idea after all.When Tad and
Tricia get there,the fun starts to really heat up,and Brittany gets a
surprise visit...

(This story takes place shortly after Daria and Jane baby-sat Tad and Tricia
for the first time.)

By Nada Rowels
(please don't include my screen name!!!)


Scene one:

Daria is at home watching T.V. after school:

Helen:Hi sweetheart!
Daria:Hi.
Helen:Guess what?
Daria:Tell me,the suspence is killing me.(sarcastic.Helen looks at her as
though her happy mood was just crushed.)
Helen:The Gupty's want you to baby-sit Tad and Tricia.
Daria:(A bit surprised)Oh.My favorite people to baby-sit.(Sarcasm)
Helen:Uh-Yeah.They made "a special request for you."
Daria:Their parents?
Helen:No,silly,Tad and Tricia!
Daria:Oh really...
Helen:Yup!
Daria:Why are you so happy?
Helen:It's me and Jake's Anniversary tomorrow!!!
Daria:Seriously?
Helen:Yes!We're going away to Hawaii!
Daria:(Utterly in shock)What?!
Helen:Mm-hm!
Daria:Who's going to look over the house?
Helen:Oh,I'm sure you and Quinn can handle it.
Daria:So wait,when exactly will I be baby-sitting?
Helen:Tomorrow.
Daria:So I'll be babysitting by myself?Without you or Dad around?
Helen:Quinn won't be there either.She says she has to go out on a date with a
certain Jeffy,or Joey,or Jamie,one of those three.
Daria:Oh great.
Helen:What's the matter,Daria?
Daria:Oh,nothing,as a matter of fact,I think this might be kind of fun...

Scene 2:Tomorrow after school at Jane's house:

Jane:So,they say they're going to Hawaii?
Daria:Yeah.
Jane:And you have to baby-sit?
Daria:(perking up)Yeah...Maybe you can come over and help me!
Jane:Help you baby-sit?
Daria:Well,Yeah,like the first time we did it.Remember?

Flashback:

Tad and Tricia are listening intently as Jane and Daria tell them their own
twisted versions of Cinderella and The Engine That Could and others.

Tad,Tricia,Jane,and Daria are sitting on the Gupty's couch watching SICK SAD
WORLD.
Tad:Daria,you're my favorite baby-sitter!
Tricia:Yeah!Me too!
Daria and Jane smile at each other with satisfaction.
Daria:So much progress all in one night...

Back in reality:

Jane:Yeah,I guess I could do it just once more.I'd love to handle the little
tikes.
Daria:Really?Great.Come over at 7:00.Mom and Dad will be at the airport,and
Quinn will be out on her date.
Jane:Okay.But,you know,it wasn't really very nice of  your parents to leave
you alone with the two  kids like that.
Daria:Hmmmm...the rest of my family is leaving me with the kids...maybe it's
a message from my future...
Jane:Oh God!
Daria:I'm kidding.Don't worry.I wanted to be left alone for once.Actually,my
parents thought it was 'responsible' and 'a sign of maturity.'
Jane:Like you aren't mature!
Daria:Yeah,I know.Well,I'd better go.Gotta get ready for the kiddies.
Jane:Can't wait.

Scene 3:The Gupty's are in the doorway of Daria's house.Jane is waiting
inside watching SICK SAD WORLD.Daria is greeting Mr. and Mrs.Gupty.

Mr.Gupty:Okay,now remember Daria-Don't feed them candy or let them watch T.V.
or stay up late.We don't want their poor little brains to rust up!
Daria:Gotcha.
Mrs.Gupty:I'm sure you four will all have a wonderful time together!
Daria:My heart is a-flutter.
Mr.Gupty:Oh!We'd better leave soon!Bye Daria!
Mrs.Gupty:(Pats Tad and Tricia politely on their heads)See you later
sweethearts!(Tad and Tricia both grimace)
Tad and Tricia:(In unison)Whatever...(Mr.and Mrs.Gupty stare in surprise.They
exit  the house and walk out rather nervously.)
(*Out side of the house*)
Mr.Gupty:Are you sure it was a good idea to leave them with her?
Mrs.Gupty:They begged me to!

Scene 4:The baby-sitting begins!

Jane:So!What would you little guys like to do?
Tad:We want to watch T.V.!
Tricia:No,we want to listen to music!
Daria:Whoa.Simmer down.
Jane:Okay.Tad,You can watch T.V. with Daria,and Tricia,you can come listen to
 music with me.
Tad:Yay!
Tricia:Okay.
Daria:Thank God I had you around.
Jane:It's a gift.
(In Daria's Room)
Jane:Okay,Tricia,what you like:Mystic Spiral or Bleeding Noses?
Tricia:Bleeding Noses!
Jane:Good Choice.I'd die if I had to listen to any more of my brother's music.
Tricia:(In awe)Your brother has a Rock Band?!
Jane:Yup.
Tricia:And they have their own CD?!
Jane:Well,not exactly.Instead the recorded all their songs on this nifty
little blank CD.I always have a copy in my pocket.
Tricia:Cool!Let's listen to them instead!
Jane:Mystic Spiral?
Tricia:Yeah!!!
Jane:Jane,you have such a big mouth...(Slaps herself across the forehead)
(In the living room)
Daria:Let's watch SICK SAD WORLD.
Tad:Okay!
SICK SAD WORLD:Today,on SICK SAD WORLD,Vicious Chihuahuas and the elderly
ladies that love them.Next,Elderly Chihuahuas and the vicious women that
love them and then,Anorexic Chihuahuas and the elderly women who love them
and make them wear vicious sweaters.
Tad:Chihuahuas scare me.
Daria:They're little Mexican dogs like on the Taco Bell commercial.
Tad:Umm...(starts crying hysterically)
Daria:It's okay,it's okay...(Tricia and Jane run down- stairs to the living
room)
Tricia:Can we play hide-and-seek?
Tad:Yeah,can we,Daria?(Wipes away his tears)
Jane:Hey,what happened?
Daria:Long story.
Jane:Well,okay,let's go and play hide-and-seek outside,okay?
Tad:Cool!
Tricia:Yeah Baby!(Jane and Daria stare in utter astonishment)
Daria:O-kaaaaaay.....

Scene 5:Out on the front lawn.Jane is counting to 10 with her hands over her
eyes.Tad is hiding around the backyard and Tricia is hiding behind a
tree.Daria is hiding behind a lamp post.

Jane:Ready or not,here I come...(She wanders around and sees some movement in
 the bushes.She runs over and sees Tad.He looks up with fear.She starts
chasing him)
Jane:(voice over)Now to move in on my prey...to move in for the kill...(she
tags him immediatley)
Tad:Awww,Shucks!
(Next it was Tad's turn.)
Tad:1-2-3-4-5-6-7-9-oh!I mean 8!9-10!Ready or not,here I come!!!
(He sees Daria by the lamp post being bitten by a Squirrel.He starts to chase
her.Daria runs at a  slow pace,barely trying.Tad finally tags her)
Tad:Tag!
Daria:Whoppee.(sarcastically)1-2-3-4-5-6-ah,that's good enough.
(She starts looking around.Since it's dark out,it's a little hard to see.She
sees Tricia running past a tree.Daria sneaks up behind her and taps her on
the shoulder.
Daria:(Whispering in Tricia's ear)Tag,you're it.
Tricia:(She gasps and turns around and looks at Daria as if she were a
ghost.Realizing that it's just her,she calms down and realized what had just
happened.)Awww...1-2-3-4-5-6-7-8-9-10!Ready or not,here I come!(She sees Tad
petting the squirrel that bit Daria.Apparently,it is foaming at the mouth
right now.)
Tricia:DIE TAD,DIE!!!(She chases him.He starts to run.Soon Tricia is 3 inches
behind him.He sticks out his foot and she trips and falls flat on her face.He
smiles triphantly and laughs,then Tricia grabs his ankle and yanks him to the
ground.They immediately start beating each other up,doing no damage at all,of
course.Daria and Jane rush over.)
Jane:Hey!What's going on here?(She yanks Tricia off of Tad's back.They both
giggle hysterically.
Daria:What are you guys doing?
Tad:We love it!
Tricia:We can feel the adrenaline,Daria!!!We can feel it!
Daria:I think I've been letting you two watch too much SICK SAD WORLD.
Tad:Oh!We love that too!
Tricia:We want to  do something bad,something REAL bad!
Jane:Oh,really?
Tad:YEAH!
Daria:Well,we do have a little friend called Brittany.She's a cheerleader.
Tricia:Lets KILL her!
Jane:You know,this girl is pretty smart...
Daria:No.Too messy.
Jane:Yeah,you're right.
Daria:But I have an idea...I'll be right back...(She runs into the house and
comes back with two permanent black markers,four stockings,and one can of
green spray paint and the other one blue.She hands the markers to Tad and
Tricia and gives the green spray paint to Jane,and gives a stocking to
Jane,Tad and Tricia to wear on their heads.Then she puts one on.)
Daria:Let's pay a visit to our old friend Brittany...

Scene 6:Brittany's make-over:

Tad,Tricia,Jane and Daria are right below Brittany's bedroom
window.Unfortunatley,It's on the 2nd floor.But luckily,there's a ladder near
by...

Jane:Okay,you see that ladder?Daria will bring it over and we'll all get on
and open her window and sneak in.
Tad:Okay.
Tricia:This is so cool.
Daria:Why do I have to get the ladder?
Jane:Pleeeease?
Daria:Fine.(She brings it over and  they set it against her window sill.Jane
goes up and heaves her arms at the window sill.It won't budge.However,there
is a latch on the bottom which needs to open with key.Jane pulls out a hair
pin from her hair that is distorted and deformed as if it were melted.The tip
was sharp.She jabbed it at the latch,and it opened.She gently hoisted up the
window and whispered down the ladder):
Jane:Okay!Come on up!She's sleeping like a baby!But make sure you all have
your stockings on so she can't tell what are faces look like so she won't
know who we are if she wakes up!(Tad scrambled up,the Tricia,then Daria.They
all stumbled inside.They approached Brittany cautiously as she snored
loudly.She had on a fancy laced blindfold over her eyes.)
Daria:Now is where the fun starts...
(Daria and Jane shook their cans of spray paint as Tad and Tricia scribbled
and doodled all over Brittany's face.Tricia drew a mustachche and a
ciggarette coming out of the corner of her mouth and Tad drew glasses and
freckles and little nose rings and eyebrow rings.Jane grabbed the marker Tad
was using and wrote neatly across her forehead:I HATE KEVIN'S GUTS!Then Daria
sprayed paint over one pigtail in blue and Jane covered the other in green.
Jane:Okay!Let's get out of here before she wakes up!
(They scrambled down the ladder and ran back to Daria's house.)
Daria:Ahhhh....Mission accomplished...(They all yanked off their stockings
from their heads and threw them out.)
Tad:Thank you so much Daria and Jane!
Tricia:We wish we could stay with you for the rest of our lives!Our parents
suck!
Jane:Just don't tell them what  we did,okay?
Tad:Do we look stupid?!
(They all laughed,except for Daria who smiled intently.Then Mr.and Mrs.Gupty
came to the door.)
Mr.Gupty:We're back!
Mrs.Gupty:Did you all have a good time?
Daria:Yeah,it was a pleasure.
Mr.Gupty:Great.Well,we'd better go.C'mon,Tad and Tricia.Bye!thanks so much!
Mrs.Gupty:Oh yes!Bye!Thanks a million!(Tad and Tricia leave with their
parents,winking back at Daria as Daria winked back with Jane.)
Mrs.Gupty:Tad,Tricia?Why are there ink marks all over your hands?
Tad:Oh,We had done a little art project with Daria and Jane.
Mr.Gupty:Wow,they are so great.Those  two girls are such angels!
Tricia:(Whispers to Tad)Yeah,The angels of Death!
(They both laugh.)

(Quinn comes home from her date)

Quinn:(Yelling from the kitchen):Why are my stockings in the trash?!DARIA! I
SWEAR,YOU WILL PAY!!!

The next morning,Brittany woke with a strange feeling.

Brittany:Wow.I can't believe I dreamt I was a canvas and somone was painting
on my face!(She looks in the mirror...and you'd rather not know what happened
next...well,I'll tell you a little:Brittany went to school with a paper bag
on her head and was forced to take it off eventually...

                      The End

please e-mail me back and tell me if you liked my story.
