"Them's the Breaks: Part 1"
by NuitCoeur-NuitCoeur@aol.com; http://members.xoom.com/DegaStreet
and Melissa-w_lorraine@mailcity.com

SCENE 1:

(Jane and Daria are in Jane's room, watching Sick Sad World. As the program
ends, Jane mutes it and faces her friend.)

JANE: It's Friday. What do we do?

DARIA: Return to our respectable places in the universe and pretend that
       nothing happened?

JANE: Huh?

DARIA: Oh, uh, nevermind. Um, I dunno.

JANE: You wanna sleep over?

DARIA: Sure.

JANE: Trent and Jesse are going to be here. They want us to pull an all
      nighter with them.

DARIA: Um, wait, I don't think I can.

JANE: Sure, kid.

DARIA: Why don't you stay over at my place?

JANE: And face Princess Grace for hours on end? I don't think so.

DARIA: She stays in her room like a good trained monkey. Besides, we can
       perform brain warping experiments on her while she sleeps, and then we
       can go to bed in my creepy room. With the lights turned off. It gets
       really dark at night.

JANE: Hmm. (excited) Okay!

SCENE 2:

(Brittany and Kevin are heard in the laundry closet of Brittany's house,
"studying." From the outside of the door, nothing is seen, but a party is
heard as well as Brittany and Kevin's voices.)

BRITTANY: Kevie, are you drunk?!

KEVIN: No, babe! I swear!

BRITTANY: What? You never swear! Get out of my house, you, you, jerk!

(A slap is heard, followed by Kevin's small scream. He then leaves the closet,
rubbing his cheek. He walks through the crowd of people, obviously drunk out
of his mind. He passes the football team, surrounding a keg. None of them
notice him, of course. Kevin gets in his red jeep and turns the ignition key.
A hand grabs his wrist and pulls it off the wheel. Kevin looks up to see
Mack.)

MACK: Kevin, you're drunk. Give me your keys.

KEVIN: I'm okay, Mack Daddy.

MACK: No you're not. Give me your keys. I don't want to pull you out of the
      car with my bare hands.

KEVIN: Yo, don't worry about it, Mack Daddy. I only had a little bit.

MACK: You drank more than anyone else! And quit calling me that!

(At this sudden outburst, Kevin turns on the engine and pulls out of the
driveway, fast. Mack steps back to keep from getting hit. Kevin rips down the
street, swerving and the like.)

SCENE 3:

(Jane and Daria are walking to Daria's house.)

JANE: You know, if we do something *really* twisted to Princess Grace, we
      could get on _Sick Sad World_.

DARIA: And then I can realize my life long dream of being on the Idiot Box, on
       parade for all the morons I disdain.

JANE: Daria, please try to contain your enthusiasm.

(Kevin's car turns onto the street behind the girls. They hear, but take no
special note of it. Swerving as before, it speeds toward the two.)

DARIA: Well, you know me. I--

(Hearing the car so close, or maybe just following a flash of intuition, Daria
turns - to see Kevin's car swerve onto the side-walk, heading straight at
Daria and Jane.)

DARIA: Jane, look *out*!

(Daria attempts to push her friend away from the path on the oncoming car. She
is not entirely unsuccessful; when Kevin's car hits the girls, Jane is
suffciently moved so that only the side of the bumper hits her, sending her
flying. Daria is not as lucky. As the car hits Daria, she is caught under the
front left tire. Luckily, Kevin's alchohol-numbed senses did kick in, and he
is able to swerve away; Daria is not hit by the rear tires. Through the
window, Kevin's freaked-out expression is easily discerned. He does not stop,
however; he continues driving on, although swaying less as his hit-and-run
experience was somewhat sobering.)

(The door to the house nearest to where the accident occured opens and Ms.
Defoe walks out to investigate the noise. She sees the two girls, obviously in
need of medical help.)

MS. DEFOE: Oh *no*!

(She goes back into her house and emerges seconds later with a portable phone
in hand. She walks over to her two students as she dials 911.)

MS. DEFOE: Hello? (pause) A medical emergency. There are two girls who have
           been hit by a car...

SCENE 4:

(The Morgendorffer living room. Jake is on the couch, reading the paper. Quinn
laying on the loveseat and talking on the phone.  Helen is no-where to be
seen.)

QUINN: (into the phone) No, Nathan. Really! (pause) I guess it makes her feel
       better. (pause) Yeah, she *is* pathetic. (pause) Uh-huh. Yeah. (she
       hangs up; to herself) I can't *believe* Daria's still telling people
       she's my sister! (frustrated) Ooohhh! Sometimes I wish she'd just
       *die*!

JAKE: (looking up from his paper; blankly) Who's dead?

QUINN: (sighs) No-one, Dad. (under her breath) Unfortunatly.

(Helen walks in from the kitchen, beeper in hand, and frown on her face. She
takes the phone from Quinn without a word - which prompts a put-upon noise of
annoyance from Quinn - and dials while looking at her pager.)

HELEN: Hel-loo. I was just paged and-- (pause) Helen Morgendorffer. (pause)
       Yes, that's my daughter. (pause; Helen pales noticably) What?! (pause)
       Oh my *God*, is she okay? (pause) I'll be there right away. (hangs up)

QUINN: Mom?

HELEN: Jake, come on. That was the hospital.

JAKE: (setting aside his paper and rising) The hospital?

HELEN: It's Daria. There's been an accident...(swallows the lump rising in her
       throat) Daria's been hurt, badly.

SCENE 5:

(Trent and Jesse are sleeping in Trent's room. Trent is sprawled on the bed
and Jesse is laying on the floor belly up. The phone rings a couple times, and
Jesse opens his eyes.)

JESSE: Man! Phone's ringing!

TRENT: (groans; groggily) Hello? (pause; face pales) What?!

SCENE 6:

(Helen and Jake walk into Daria and Jane's room, Quinn following behind
boredly. Both see Daria hooked up to some machines and gasp, then exchange
worried glances while walking to her bedside and sitting. Quinn sees her
sister and walks back out of the room in disgust.)

QUINN: Her face is all scraped up and those machines are so ugly! I don't want
       to look at her like *that*. It's gross!

(Helen looks at her eldest daughter and bites back tears. Jake, however, is
already bauling. Trent and Jesse appear through the door and see Jane, just as
scraped and connected to as many machines as Daria. Both gulp hard and walk
towards the group.)

TRENT: (to Helen) Uh, do they know anything?

HELEN: (shaking her head) I'll go get the doctor. Jake, come with me. And for
       god's sake stop crying!

JAKE: But--

HELEN: Jake!

JAKE: (takes a deep breath) Okay. I'm fine.

(Helen and Jake leave. Trent looks from Jane to Daria and then to the floor.)

TRENT: Oh great.

(By this time, Quinn has poked her head back in the room, and is trying her
best not to look at Daria. She spots Jesse and her face brightens
considerably. She walks in the room and up to him.)

QUINN: Hi! My name's Quinn. What's yours?

JESSE: I have a girlfriend.

QUINN: Damn! I should have known. Everything goes wrong in my life.

TRENT: Oh shut up already. Your sister is laying unconcious in front of you
       and you can't think of anything but yourself. Just shut the hell up for
       once.

QUINN: Agh! (leaves)

SCENE 7:

(The ladies' room at the hospital. Quinn storms in, looking put-out. She walks
over to the mirror and checks her make-up. She opens her purse and starts
re-powdering her face, but her hand trembling. She moves to powder her
forehead, but stops when her hand hovers over her right eyebrow--the same
place that was covered by a slightly-bloody banadage on Daria's forehead. Her
bored/annoyed expression fades, replaced by a look similar to Daria's
emotionless facade.)

QUINN: (quietly) Oh God...

(Quinn's hand is shaking quite a bit now, as if she'd consumed several gallons
of strong coffee. She manages to stuff her compact back into her purse. She
walks over to the "nursing station," the part of the ladies' room equiped with
chairs for nursing and a table for changing a baby. Quinn sits down heavily in
a plush chair. She sits there several long moments, staring at nothing. Then,
slowly, she draws her legs up to her chest, puts her arms around them, and
drops her head atop them. She then begins to cry softly.)

QUINN: (muffled) She's my *sister*. She can't die...

SCENE 8:

(Trent and Jesse are sitting in the visitors' chairs in Daria and Jane's
hospital room. Jesse is staring at Jane with an expression of absolute misery.
Trent is leaning forward, his head in his hands. The only sounds are the hum
of the machines and the soft woosh of the respirators. Helen, Jake, and Dr.
Phillips enter. Helen looks haggard, as if she hasn't slept for days. Jake
still looks near tears.)

DR. PHILLIPS: (looking quizzically at Trent and Jesse) And you are?

(Trent and Jesse stand up.)

TRENT: I'm Trent Lane, Janey's brother. (pointing at his friend) This is
       Jesse.

(Dr. Phillips nods. Helen and Jake claim the seats so recently vacated by the
two musicians.)

HELEN: Just how bad *is* it, Doctor?

DR. PHILLIPS: (looking at his notes) It's...not good. Both girls have been
              hurt badly. (looks at Trent) Jane was probably hit by the edge
              of the car. Her right leg is fractured in two places. She has a
              mild concussion, but we don't believe it will seriously affect
              her. The rest is all minor surface abraisions.

(Trent nods numbly, attempting to process the information.)

DR. PHILLIPS: (looks at Helen and Jake breifly, then back at his notes) Daria
              was likely hit full-on. Both of her legs have fractures, in
              several places. She's rather bruised up. The real problem, I'm
              afraid, may be Daria's concussion. It's very serious.

(Quinn steps silently into the room, unnoticed. She leans against the door
frame, carefully *not* looking at her sister, and listens to the doctor.)

HELEN: (quietly) What does that mean?

DR. PHILLIPS: It means that...she's in a coma right now, and it means that
              we're not sure when or even *if* she'll wake up.

(Helen looks horrified. Jake starts bawling again. Trent, who had been staring
at his sister, glaces worriedly at Daria. At the door, Quinn loses all color
and slips out of the room again.)

DR. PHILLIPS: (trying to give them some hope) It's possible that she'll wake
              up soon after the sleep agent is removed from her IV drip; (with
              a glance at the boys) we're almost positive that Jane will.

HELEN: Possible...but not likely?

DR. PHILLIPS: Honestly, Mrs. Morgendorffer, we can't be certain. There was no
              fracturing of the skull, a good sign. But the brain is an organ
              we know very little about, and we cannot be sure exactly how it
              will react to trauma.

(Helen stands a bit unsteadily and walks over to her daughter. Taking in the
machines, IV, and Daria's battered countenance, she silently begins to weep.)

SCENE 9:

(The next day. Mack walks into Lawndale High and through the crowded hallway
towards his first period class. Inside is Jodie, Kevin, Brittany, and various
other students, waiting for Mr. O'Neill to arrive. Jodie sees him come in and
rushes to his side.)

JODIE: Michael! Guess what happened!

MACK: What?

JODIE: Daria and Jane are in the hospital! I heard it at student council
       yesterday when they didn't come to school. Ms. Defoe told the school
       board and their having all the teachers read a letter to the classes
       about the incident.

MACK: Why are they in the hospital?

JODIE: They got hit by a car. A drunk driver. Some neighbors witnessed it.
       They said it was a red jeep driven by a high school student.

(Realization hits him.)

MACK: A red jeep? Like Kevin's red jeep?

JODIE: Yes. But he was at Brittany's party with us. I heard her in the laundry
       closet at the time of the accident with him.

MACK: Oh god. Kevin drove home, completely drunk, early. I tried to stop him.
      Oh shit.

JODIE: You mean...? (he nods) Oh no.

(At this point, Mr. O'Neill walks in the classroom with some papers in his
hand that he hasn't read yet. The school board letter sitting on the top of
the stack.)

MR. O'NEILL: All right everyone. Sit down while I read this announcement and
             then we can get onto the lesson. Hmm. Are Daria and Jane sick?

JODIE: You could say that. (looks down at her desk, frowning)

MR. O'NEILL: Oh, that's too bad. Well, let's see. (picks up the letter) Dear
             students, we regret to inform you that two female students were
             hit by a drunk driver a few nights ago. The driver was a high
             school student, returning from a party of some sort and was not
             aware of his actions. If anyone has any information on this
             subject, please notify a member of the Lawndale High faculty as
             soon as possible. Oh, how sad.

MACK: Mr. O'Neill? (raising his hand)

MR. O'NEILL: Yes?

MACK: I know what happened.

SCENE 10:

(Back at the hospital...Quinn is now sitting in the room with Trent and Jesse.
Helen and Jake have gone to work, trying to keep busy as to not worry
themselves to death. Quinn is sitting beside Daria, but staring at a wall and
holding her knees like before. For some strange reason, Jesse glances at
Quinn. A tear rolls down her face.)

JESSE: Are you okay?

(Unable to speak, she nods, not wanting to talk. He stands and walks over to
her, then pats her on the back. She sniffs, then looks up.)

QUINN: I'll be okay.

JESSE: You sure?

QUINN: Um hm. (glances at Daria)

(Quinn starts crying again and Jesse hugs her. She leans on his shoulder,and
continues to cry. Trent looks up from his hands and sees them. He then shifts
his gaze to Jane, and burries his head in his hands again, shaking it, no.)

SCENE 11: (Kevin's house, interior. He is lying on the couch, staring into
nothingness. He is still in his pajamas - fuzzy felt things with a football
print - and obviously did not attend school. The dooorbell rings, but he does
not move. After a few seconds, it rings again. Kevin forces himself to get up
and answers the door. Two policemen, Mack, and Ms. Defoe are outside.)

POLICEMAN #1: Are you Kevin Thompson?

KEVIN: Uh...yes?

POLICEMAN #2: Is the red jeep outside yours?

KEVIN: (confused) Uh, yeah.

POLICEMAN #2: (pointing at the jeep; to Ms. Defoe) Could this have been the
              vehicle?

(Ms. Defoe nods. The policemen exchange glances.)

POLICEMAN #1: Kevin Thompson, you are under arrest for criminal negligance and
              possibly vehicular manslaughter. (proceeds to Mirandize Kevin)
              You have the right to remain silent. Anything you say can and
              will be used against you.

(Kevin looks at Mack, still confused about what's going on. Mack, feeling
guilty himself about not stopping Kevin the night before, looks away. Getting
desperate, he looks at Ms. Defoe, who only looks at him with disgust. Kevin
hangs his head as the first policemen continues to read him his rights.)

SCENE 12:

(Jane and Daria's hospital room. Trent is pacing nervously alongside Jane's
bed. Jesse is asleep in one of the visitors' chairs next to Jane's bed - no
small feat, considering that the things are patently uncomfortable. Quinn is
sitting in the other guest chair, which has been pulled up next to Daria's
bed. Quinn is carefully not looking at Daria. She has stopped crying, but her
eyes are red and somewhat swollen. Dr. Phillips and a nurse enter. Trent stops
pacing and looks at them questioningly. Quinn looks at him dully, too weary to
even flirt. Jesse is still alseep.)

TRENT: Any news?

DR. PHILLIPS: We're going to alter Jane's IV drip; the sleep agent will be
              removed.

QUINN: What....what about Daria?

DR. PHILLIPS: (gently) We don't want to remove the sleep aid until we're sure
              there's no more internal bleeding.

(Quinn glances very quickly at Daria, then stares at the floor.)

TRENT: So Janey'll wake up after you change this IV thing?

DR. PHILLIPS: She should.

(Trent frowns at "should," but says nothing. Trent shakes Jesse awake and the
two boys watch apprehensively as the nurse changes the IV drip. Several long
minutes pass as everyone in the room, even Quinn, watches Jane expectantly.
Then, Jane groans and opens her eyes.)

JANE: (quiet and weak) Did anyone catch the number of that bus?

(Trent gives a startled exclaimation of joy, and kneels down by the head of
Jane's bed. Jesse smiles with relief and stands behind Trent. Dr. Phillip and
the nurse exchange satisfied glances. Quinn looks at Jane, then for the first
time really *looks* at Daria, at the bruises and scrapes on her arms, which
lie helplessly atop her blanket, at the recently-changed bandage covering
stitches on her forehead. Quinn blinks back tears and looks at Jane, because
she can't look at her unconcious sister any longer.)

TRENT: How do you feel, Janey?

JANE: Awful.

NURSE: Don't keep her up *too* long; if she can get back to sleep, she needs
       to do so.

JESSE: You're gonna be okay, Jane.

JANE: What...what *happened*? I was walking with Daria...omigod, *Daria*!
      Where--

DR. PHILLIPS: Calm down, Jane. Daria is in the bed next to yours.

(Jane, who had not yet noticed her roommate, looks over at her friend.)

JANE: *Daria*! Is she okay?

QUINN: (softly) No.

(Jane blinks at Princess Grace's soft exclaimation and looks at the Doctor for
an explaination.)

DR. PHILLIPS: Daria is not doing quite as well as you are. We're keeping her
              sedated until we can be assured that there will be no more
              internal bleeding.

JANE: So she won't wake up for *days*?

(Trent winces, remembering that Daria might *not* wake up. He takes his
sister's hand in his. She looks at him, confused.)

TRENT: Janey...they say she's got a real bad concussion. She might not wake up
       for a while...or ever.

(At that, both Jane and Quinn whimper quietly.)

JANE: Trent...she tried to push me out of the way. I remember. She told me to
      look out, and...(sniffs)

JESSE: Jane, it's okay. There's nothing you coulda done.

(Dr. Phillips watches this exchange worriedly. He nods at the nurse, who runs
off. Jane looks downcast.)

TRENT: You had us really worried, Jane.

JESSE: Yeah.

(The nurse comes back in, holding a bottle and syringe. She walks over to
Jane's IV drip.)

JANE: Do they know who hit us?

TRENT: (shaking his head) I don't think so.

(The nurse injects medicine into Jane's IV.)

NURSE: (to Jane) It's not good for you to be so upset. This (nods at the
       now-empty needle) should help calm you down.

(It does; Jane soon looks drowsy and falls back asleep. Jesse resumes his
place in the chair. Trent remains kneeled beside Jane's bed, her hand still in
his.)

SCENE 13:

(Later that afternoon, Mack and Jodie walk into Daria and Jane's hospital room
for a quick visit. They both skipped their extra curricular activities that
day to do so. Upon walking in, they see Trent, now sleeping in a chair, Jesse
simply sitting beside Jane, who is awake once again, and Quinn, biting back
tears still.)

JODIE: (Whispering to Mack) Maybe we should come back later.

MACK: (Not paying attention to her; looking at Daria, who is closest to the
      door) Oh my god... (points to Daria)

JODIE: Oh my.

JANE: Jodie? Mack?

JODIE: Jane, you're awake. That's great!

MACK: How's Daria doing? She looks really bad.

(Jane looks down at her hands and sniffs. Jesse looks at Quinn, then Jane,
then his lap. Quinn finally speaks up.)

QUINN: She's fine. She's not going to die. She can't.

JODIE: Maybe we should come back later.

MACK: Die? She's dying?!

JANE: There's a possibility. (sniffs)

JESSE: She's in a coma.

MACK: And it's all my fault.

JANE: What are you talking about? You had nothing to do with this. It was a
      freak accident.

MACK: No one told you yet? Kevin got drunk at a party and drove home by
      himself. I should have stopped him. I had the chance!

JODIE: Michael, stop it! No one could have known. You did what you could, and
       we all know how damn stubborn Kevin is. But at least he's in jail.
       (coldly) Where he belongs.

JANE: Kevin?! Kevin ran us over?! As soon as I get out of this damned bed, I'm
      cutting off his head and mounting it on a stick in my living room!

JESSE: Jane, calm down. You don't want the nurse to give you another sedative,
       do you?

JANE: Okay. I just want Thompson's head disconnected from his neck, and quick.

JODIE: He's going to court tomorrow. And guess who volunteered to be the
       prosecutor: Mrs. Morgendorffer.

JANE: So justice will prevail.

(Jesse, Jodie, Mack, and Jane smile. Something they all need. Quinn, however,
wasn't listening at all. She's still battling that little problem internally.)

SCENE 14:

(Jake's office. He is sitting at his desk, seemingly looking through some
notes. However, he hasn't turned a page for over half an hour. Finally, he
sighs and closes the folder. As he moves to set the folder aside, he sees the
photo of his family he keeps on his desk. He reaches out a trembling hand and
picks up the picture almost reverantly. He looks at it for a long moment.)

JAKE: (whispering) My baby girl...

(He carefully sets the picture frame down. However, he continues to stare at
the photo, and expression of perfect sorrow etched on his features.)

SCENE 15:

(Helen's office. Her secretary is, as usual, typing away on her computer.
Helen is pacing as she talks on the phone.)

HELEN: (into the phone) I don't give a damn! I want him tried as an adult! He
       was old enough to guzzle beer, old enough to drive, old enough to
       possibily commit (getting angrier) vehicular manslaughter! I want his
       hide. I want him put away. (pause) So? *I* am the mother of the
       *victim*! If Ms. Thompson wanted her boy out of trouble, then maybe she
       should have kept him from attending that party! (pause) Then maybe you
       better re-think your position. (pause) No. (pause) Goodbye. (Utterly
       weary, Helen drops into her chair. She rests her chin in her hand.)

SECRETARY: Mrs. Morgendorffer? Are you...all right?

(For a moment, Helen looks as if she's about to give an acid retort. However,
as she opens her mouth, a look of sorrow replaces the anger contorting her
features.)

HELEN: (defeated) No. My little girl is lying in a hospital right now,
       *dying*. So, no, I'm not all right.

SECRETARY: (concerned) Can I get you something, ma'am? Some coffee?

HELEN: I could use a cappucino. And get me some aspirin, would you?

SECRETARY: Right away.

(The secretary hurries out to get coffee and painkiller. As soon as she leaves
the room, Helen utters a dispairing, utterly defeated-sounding sob. Then,
noislessly, she begins to weep.)

SCENE 16:

(Daria and Jane's hospital room. Jesse has a chair pulled on next to the far
side of Jane's bed. He is dozing. Jane is awake again, and sketching in a
spiral of drawing paper. Trent is sitting in a chair pulled between Jane and
Daria's beds. He is alternatingly looking at his sister with an expression
akin to relief and looking worriedly at Daria's pale, unconcious form. Mack is
sitting by Daria's bed, reading the medical notes about her condition and
treatment that are left on a clipboard in a compartment at the foot of the
bed. Quinn is sitting in a chair in the corner, reading a pamplet about head
injuries. Jodie has seemingly left. Brittany walks in.)

BRITTANY: Jane! You're awake! That's great!

(Jane, Mack, Trent, and Quinn look at Brittany in surprise. Jesse stirs and
looks around blankly.)

BRITTANY: Why isn't Daria awake?

JANE: (bitterly) Because your *boyfriend* ran her over, and gave her a
      concussion that's put her in a coma!

BRITTANY: (a bit surprised at the venom) What's that mean?

JANE: (angrily) Do you need smaller words? It means she might never wake up!

(Quinn winces at Jane's last statement. Brittany looks hurt.)

TRENT: Janey, calm down. She--

JANE: --threw the party where Kevin got drunk. (looks at Mack) Didn't she?

(Mack glances at Brittany, then nods.)

JANE: If you hadn't had beer at that party--

JESSE: Jane!

TRENT: Getting mad won't help you recover. Or help *Daria* recover.

(Jane looks at her brother, then nods and slumps down. Brittany, unsure of
what exactly she did, looks upset.)

BRITTANY: (rambling) I didn't buy any beer - the football players brought it.
          They always do, no matter *how* many times I tell them I don't want
          it at my parties and that it's stinky and stains and makes them all
          *jerks*!

JANE: (tiredly) Brittany, I didn't mean to yell at you. I'm just worried about
      Daria.

MACK: We *all* are.

QUINN: (quietly) Did you know Kevin was drunk?

BRITTANY: Umm...yes? We were in the laundry closet and I smelled beer on his
          breath and threw him out.

QUINN: You threw him out. And you knew he drove there. Why didn't you make him
       take a cab?

(stands up and puts the pamplet she was reading in her chair)

BRITTANY: (blankly) Huh?

QUINN: (showing some anger) You knew Kevin was drunk, you knew he drove there
       and would drive back, so you, like, told him to go drive drunk!

(Brittany again looks hurt, as well as confused. The others watch Quinn,
surprised at the sudden outburst.)

MACK: Quinn, that's not really--

QUINN: (turning on Mack) And *you* could've stopped him and you *didn't*!

MACK: (hangs his head) You're right.

JANE: It wasn't Mack's fault. Or Brittany's, really. It was Kevin. *He* ran us
      over.

(Trent looks at Jane, as if to say "I've been telling you that all along, and
*now* you decide to get it?")

JANE: (looks at Trent, shrugs) It takes me a while.

(Quinn stands still a moment, considering her own [imagined] guilt in wishing
her sister dead. Abruptly, she runs out of the room.)

SCENE 17:

(The Morgendorffers, minus Daria, are sitting down at the dinner table. None
of them are eating, and all of them have swollen red eyes from crying. Quinn
looks up from her plate and to her mother.)

QUINN: Why did we leave the hospital?

HELEN: Because it wouldn't have helped to stay there, sweety. No matter how
       much I want to believe it would have.

JAKE: I'm going to bed. (sniffs) Night honey. Night Quinn.

(Quinn stands up and hugs her father, much to both her parents surprise.)

QUINN: Night Daddy.

HELEN: Quinn?

QUINN: Yes?

(Helen holds out her arms, wanting a hug also. Quinn walks to the other end of
the table and hugs her mother as well.)

HELEN: I just needed a hug from my daughter.

QUINN: I know, Mom.

SCENE 18:

(Jane is asleep in the hospital room. Jesse and Trent are still there, sitting
in hospital chairs. Jesse is asleep, not so soundly, but Trent is awake, and
staring at Daria, worriedly. He coughs roughly, waking Jane, who also wasn't
sleeping all that well.)

JANE: Trent? You're still awake?

TRENT: Go back to sleep, Janey. You need your rest.

JANE: What happened to your nap schedule? You haven't slept in a long time.

TRENT: I'm not tired.

JANE: I know something's bothering you. You never sleep when something's
      bothering you. Talk to me, young man.

TRENT: It's Daria.

JANE: Oh?

TRENT: She saved your life. And now... I can't even thank her for it.

JANE: Trent, don't say things like that. She's gonna wake up. Don't even think
      she'd die on us!

TRENT: Janey, I don't want to think it. But I am. We all are. I just never
       realized how much we all depended on her being there for us.

JANE: You're not the first.

TRENT: I really wish I could thank her for saving you. I feel extremely
       helpless.

JANE: Everybody does. Why couldn't Kevin hit me instead of her? She was the
      one with the future. She was going to make it in the world.

TRENT: I thought I was the deadbeat, not you.

JANE: You are. (smiles, then frowns) Trent, I'm scared.

TRENT: Me too, Jane. Me too.

(Jane glances at Daria in the dimly lit room and sniffs. A few tears roll down
her cheeks and she wipes them quickly. Trent stands and sits at her bedside,
embracing her.)

TRENT: It's okay, Janey. Just go ahead and cry. I understand.

JANE: I love you, Trent.

TRENT: I love you too, Janey.

SCENE 19:

(A cell at the Lawndale Police Station. Kevin, dressed in blue sweat pants and
a white tee-shirt, is sitting on a bench. He looks miserable. After a few
moments, a policeman and Mrs. Thompson enter. Like so many people at this
time, her eyes are swollen from crying. Her expression shows her to be in
total-freak-out maternal mode.)

MRS. THOMPSON: Kevin! Baby!

KEVIN: Mommy!

(Mrs. Thompson rushes to Kevin's cell. The policeman, in no particular hurry,
eventually joins her and unlocks the cell to let her in. She sits down next to
him on the bench.)

SURLY POLICEMAN: I'll be back to let you out later. Don't take too long.

(Mrs. Thompson nods. The policeman leaves.)

MRS. THOMPSON: Ooohhh, my poor baby! Are they treating you all right? Are they
               feeding you? They aren't feeding you, are they? You look
               thinner.

KEVIN: Mom, I'm okay. They feed me stuff; it just tastes real bad. I miss your
       meatloaf.

MRS. THOMPSON: I'll bring you some next time I visit.

KEVIN: Thanks, Mommy.

MRS. THOMPSON: (digs in her bag a pulls out a candy bar) Here, baby. I brought
               this for you.

(Mrs. Thompson hands Kevin the candy bar, which he takes gratefully. There is
a long pause as Kevin stares at the candy.)

KEVIN: Mom...how are they? Jane and Daria, I mean. They're okay,right?

MRS. THOMPSON: Oh, baby, I'm not really sure. They called and said that the
               Lane girl was awake and recovering, and said they'd call when
               the Morgendorffer girl woke up, or died.

KEVIN: (blinks) She's hurt *real* bad? She might *die*? They were uncool and
       confused me lots, but I didn't want to hurt Daria or Jane.

MRS. THOMPSON: I know, baby, I know. Would it make you feel better if I went
               to the hosiptal and saw just how well the girls are doing?

(Kevin nods.)

MRS. THOMPSON: Consider it done, baby. I'll do it before I come visit you
               tomorrow.

KEVIN: Thanks Mommy. (pause; reaches over and hugs her) I love you, Mommy.

MRS. THOMPSON: (returns the hug) I love you, too, baby. I love you,too.

(The policeman enters again and comes up to the cell.)

SURLY POLICEMAN: Come on, ma'am. It's time to go. (unlocks the door)

(Mrs. Thompson gives her son one last hug and leaves the cell. The policeman
locks it again, throwing a disdainful look at Kevin.)

MRS. THOMPSON: I'll be back tomorrow, Kevin.

KEVIN: (smiles at her) I know, Mom.

(She takes one last look at her son and leaves. The policeman follows her out.
Kevin resumes his former activity of looking miserable.)

SCENE 20:

(Daria and Jane's hospital room. It seems that half of Lawndale is crowded
around Daria's bed: Helen, next to Daria's bed, is leaning against Jake on one
side and on her other side, Aunt Amy holds Helen's hand; Jane is seated in a
wheelchair with Trent and Jesse right behind her; Quinn is standing at the
right head of Daria's bed, near her parents, and Stacy is there, offering her
first best friend what moral support she can; Jodie and Mack are to one side,
both looking tense; Brittany stands near them, on the edge of one of her
freak-outs; Ms. Defoe is at the fringe of the little crowd; Andrea, igorning
the strange looks from other people in the room, is at the crowd at the foot
of Daria's bed; next to Andrea, Ted stands looking worried and remorsful; next
to Ted is Upchuck, who looks more sombre than most people had ever seen him;
and Amanda Lane, recently returned from an artists' retreat and the only Lane
parent in town, stands next to her daughter. Next to Daria's IV, Dr. Phillips
and the nurse are speaking quietly. Dr. Phillips clears his throat, and
everyone looks at him.)

DR. PHILLIPS: We're going to remove the sleeping agent from Daria's IV drip.
              The absolute maximum amount of time for it to wear off would be
              forty-five minutes. (pauses) If she doesn't wake up within
              forty-five minutes, we can't be sure *when* she will.

(This brings a worried mummer from the peanut gallery.)

QUINN: She's gonna wake up.

(Dr. Phillips and the nurse exchange glances. The nurse then changes Daria's
IV bag.)

(Cut to fifteen minutes later. Mack, Jodie, and Brittany are speaking quietly
together; Amy is attempting to comfort her sister and brother-in-law; Quinn is
leaning against Stacy for support as she stares at Daria; Andrea has not
moved; Upchuck and Ted are speaking quietly, discussing how each one knows
Daria; Amanda is getting back-story from Jesse; and Jane and Trent are
watching Daria, their hands clasped together.)

(Thirty minutes since removing the sleeping agent. Tension is palpable. Jodie
and Brittany are seated in visitors' chairs; Upchuck hovers near Brittany; Ted
has resumed watching Daria; Mack has taken the spot at the foot of the bed
vacated by Upchuck and now next to Andrea, who *still* hasn't moved; Helen is
half-heartedly sipping some coffee, Jake half-heartedly sipping some soda, and
Amy alternatingly watching the two and Daria; Jane and Trent are in the same
spot as before, and Jesse has joined them again; Amanda is reading the
clipboard with her daughter's medical information; Quinn, looking akin to a
rubber band stretched to the point of snapping, is staring at her sister, the
beginning of panic showing on her face, and Stacy is helplessly attempting to
be supportive.)

(Fifty minutes after removing the sleeping agent. Everyone is once again
hovering around the bed. Quinn is barely supressing panic.)

Dr. PHILLIPS: I'm sorry. It's been fifty minutes. If and when she will wake up
              are questions we can't answer.

(Helen starting crying against Amy's shoulder. Jake starts bawling. Mack has a
wide-eyed, deer-caught-in-headlights thing going. Jodie pats Brittany's hand
as she does that freak-out crying bit she does so well. Ted has also started
bawling. Upchuck is sniffling. Andrea actually looks near tears. Jane is
sobbing noisily, and Trent, crying without sound himself, has kneeled down and
embraced her. Jesse watches the two Lanes sadly, as does Amanda. Stacy is
watching Quinn, and Quinn is having trouble breathing.)

QUINN: (almost inaudible) No.

STACY: What, Quinn?

QUINN: No. (Everyone looks at her.)

HELEN: Quinn, honey, there's nothing we can do. (sniffs)

QUINN: (loudly) No! Daria, you gotta wake up!

(Quinn drops to her knees, putting her head level with Daria's. Quinn takes
her sister's hand. Everyone looks at her with stunned surprise.)

QUINN: Daria, I'm *sorry*. I didn't really want you to die! You're my
       *sister*! Please, Daria, wake up! Wake up! (begins sobbing) You gotta
       wake up. You're my *sister.* I'm sorry, Daria. I'm so sorry. Sorry....

(***TO BE CONTINUED***)


Author's notes:  Hope you enjoyed the first half of 'Them's the Breaks'!  Just
when you thought we couldn't jam any more angst into a fan fic... we have!
Second half soon to come.

End notes: Standard disclaimers apply.

This story was a "tag-team" effort:
Melissa wrote scenes 1, 2, 5, 6, 9, 10, 13, 17, 18
NuitCoeur wrote scenes 3, 4, 7, 8, 11, 12, 14, 15, 16, 19, 20

All medical & legal stuff in here has been influenced by television and
fiction. Please excuse all inaccuaracies; we're not doctors or lawyers. Just
put it down to the unreality of television. At least we didn't just type
"technobabble."
