"Three Prommed Attack"
(Thanks to whoever thought of the matchups, though I can't remember where I
heard them)
by Acrobat
Summary: Prom season at Lawndale! Quinn conducts a date audit, Jane gets some
crafty ideas, and Daria becomes a conscientious objector.

ACT I
SCENE 1
(Music: "Flagpole Sitta", Harvey Danger. The Lawndale lockers. Daria is
putting some books away and Jane is leaning against the lockers nearby when
Brittany rushes by, looking frazzled.)

Jane: What's wrong, Brittany? Is there a nationwide shortage of Wonderbras?

Brittany: No! But it's almost as bad! (winding up for a lightning-fast airhead
speech) Our last big game of the year is this weekend! It's against Lawndale
Central Catholic, and they're really, really good, even though their
cheerleaders have to wear knee-length skirts! And if the Lions don't win this
game, they don't make it to the playoffs, and back in September the team made
this bet that if they don't make it to the playoffs, the whole starting lineup
has to shave their heads! Including my Kevvie!

Jane: (amused) Well, Brittany, looks like the Lions are getting fed to the
Christians.

Daria: (likewise) And soon there will be nothing ON Kevin's head, as well as
nothing IN it.

Jane: Seriously, Brittany, why is that such a big deal? Jocks do stupid stuff
like that all the time.

Brittany: I guess you haven't heard about the meeting today? Ms. Li is going
to announce the theme for the prom!

Jane: And this means...?

Brittany: It means there's only six weeks to the prom! We can't go to the prom
if he's bald! What am I going to tell my grandchildren?

Jane: Brittany, I have a feeling you'll have a lot of explaining to do about a
lot of things.

Brittany: (completely losing track of the subject) You ARE going to the
meeting, aren't you? I'm supposed to tell everyone I see, because I'm on the
prom committee.

Daria: You're on a school committee?

Brittany: I'm School Spirit Leader of the whole prom committee!

Jane: Oh yeah? What exactly does the School Spirit Leader do?

Brittany: I tell everyone I see about the meeting, and I try to get everyone
excited! I think it's important for everybody to be excited about the prom,
(gesturing to Daria and Jane) even people who have no chance of going, because
it's the most important part of our high-school experience!

Daria: Funny. I was under the impression that the most important part of high
school was to gain even the barest minimum of knowledge and experience needed
in higher education and/or the so-called "real world".

Jane: Nope. We're all here for the prom. I thought you knew.

Brittany: So you're going to the meeting, right?

Daria: (sighs) We'll be there, Brittany.

Brittany: Great! (She leaves cheerfully, apparently having forgotten her past
distress.)

Jane: ...But only because they're guarding all the exits.

SCENE 2
(Music: "Ballroom Blitz", the original; I don't remember who made it. The
Lawndale auditorium. Ms. Li has already taken the microphone.)

Ms. Li: Welcome, staff, faculty, and students of Llllawndale Hiiigh! I have
gathered you all together today to announce the biggest school-sponsored
social event of the year: the annual Llllawndale Prom! This event will take
place exactly six weeks from today. I would like to congratulate the Prom
Committee for their hard work on fundraising, planning, and of course,
advertising this year's festivities. Some of our other students might follow
their example in becoming active in the affairs of our school.

Jane: (sitting in the audience with Daria, sarcastically) Well, I was thinking
of running for student government, but no, I think prom committee is the best
way to become active in the affairs of our school.

Daria: (sarcastically) I've got a better one. Why don't we join the pep squad
instead? That's pivotally important too.

Ms. Li: ...So, without further ado, I present the theme of this year's prom:
(opening an envelope, Oscars-style) "Awesome Eighties." (The students are
variously delighted or horrified. Ms. Li continues, drifting off into the
stratosphere as usual.) This year's Prom will prove to be yet another smashing
success, demonstrating the creativity, industriousness, and outstanding social
skills of Lllllawndallle Hiiiighhh! (back to earth, briskly) Tickets will be
$70 per couple. Assembly dismissed! (Music: the guitar hook from "Cult of
Personality", Living Colour.)

SCENE 3
(The Morgendorffers' dining room. The Morgendorffers minus Quinn are finishing
up dinner when Quinn rushes through.)

Helen: (pleasantly) Quinn, where have you been? It's almost 7:30.

Quinn: (more exasperated than is warranted by Helen's tone) Mo-om, the Fashion
Club and I are involved in the most important time of our lives! Family
commitments and school assignments come and go, but events like this are
eternal! (gazes into distance starry-eyed for another moment) Well, bye. (She
leaves. Helen looks to Daria.)

Daria: In English...it's prom season.

Helen: Don't you think Quinn is a little bit young to be worrying about things
like the prom?

Daria: (shrugs) Makes sense to me. She's very advanced for her age. She's been
wearing makeup since she was nine, by twenty she'll be a bitter divorcee, and
by twenty-five she'll have written a tell-all trash biography.

Helen: Daria, please. Jake, what do you think?

Jake: Quinn? Going to the prom? Absolutely not!

Daria: Wait a minute. Why are you guys so stressed out about some lame school
dance? It's not like they're going to get away with anything. They're at
school, and it'll be packed with chaperones... Are you listening to me? (But
the scene has already started to swim into a flashback.)

(Music: "Hard Day's Night", the Beatles. Flashback: a college formal dance
circa 1967. The decor is a sappy green nightmare titled "Enchanted Garden". A
young Jake, wearing an awful tux, his hair barely grown past a buzz-cut,
huddles with several buddies around one of the tables. There is a slight haze
of smoke in the air.)

Jake: And as soon as we can split this scene, man, it's beer and babes all
night!

All the Guys: Woo-hoo!

(We see another table, populated by some better dressed guys and some girls in
pastel chiffon prom dresses, complete with pinned-on corsages and class rings
on neck chains. Among them is a young Helen, with a flip 'do and a peach
dress.)

Helen: (scornfully watching Jake's table) Animals.

(The scene swims back into the present day.)

Helen: I'll have to have a talk with Quinn.

Jake: (still foggy) Ahh, those were the days...even if the girls never showed
up...and the guy at the liquor store just laughed at us...Still, those were
the days...

SCENE 4
(The Lawndale halls. The Fashion Club is being trailed by Joey, Jeffy, and
Jamie, who are muttering to each other.)

Sandi: Quinn, your guys are, like, following us. Would you get them to stop
it? It's, like, creepy.

Quinn: Who am I to deprive them of the greatest source of joy in their lives?
(Finally, the three J's step up to Quinn, cutting off the rest of the Fashion
Club, who hover nearby.)

Joey: Hey, Quinn...

Jeffy: Hi, Quinn...

Jamie: How's it going, Quinn...

Quinn: Hi, Joey, Jeffy, uh...

Jamie: (quickly, forgetting the usual annoyance) It's Jamie. Listen, Quinn...

Joey: You know that, um, assembly?...

Jeffy: Yesterday?...Well...

All the J's: (simultaneously) Would you go to the prom with me?

Joey: (turning on the others) I was supposed to ask her first! I won the coin
toss!

Jeffy: Why would she want to go with you when she's got me?

Jamie: Because I asked her too, and she's going with me!

(They continue, and Quinn soaks it up for a moment.)

Quinn: Guys, guys, hang on a minute. Before you start fighting I have to tell
you my decision. (The J's shut up immediately.) I can't answer any of you.

Jamie: Why not?

Jeffy: Who asked you already?

Joey: I can do better than him!

Quinn: (sounding perfectly reasonable) Because, I can't possibly choose a prom
date six weeks in advance! That would shut out all other potential dates, and
seeing as I only get four prom dates in my entire LIFE, naturally I have to
hold out for the best possible offer every time.

Jeffy: Huh?

Jamie: What do you mean?

Joey: You won't go with any of us?

Quinn: (slowly) I'll...think...about...it. (brightening) Now you can fight
over me.

Joey: Okay...

Jeffy: Choose wisely, Quinn.

Jamie: Yeah, don't choose these two losers! (They fall to squabbling again as
they walk away.)

Tiffany: Wow, Quinn, you handled that soooo professionally.

Quinn: (shrugging) I know how to work the market.

SCENE 5
(The Morgendorffers' kitchen. Quinn is sitting at the table with a mess of
papers, notebooks, Rolodexes, etc.; it looks like she's doing taxes for an
entire small country. Daria walks in and stops dead.)

Daria: Quinn?!? Who are you and what have you done with my cousin-or-whatever?

Quinn: Ha, ha. For your information, I'm making a list of potential prom
dates. It's a very complicated process. Now would you leave, before your Brain
influence messes up my calculations? (Pause. Nobody moves.)

Daria: My sense of morbid curiosity is kicking in. What kind of calculations?
(Quinn looks suspicious, but holds up a huge chart.)

Quinn: (pointing to the left side) Well, here are the guys I've dated in the
past two months. And down here are the most promising guys I dated a way long
time ago, like December. And here (pointing to the top of the chart) are their
good and bad traits. So each guy is rated according to their traits, like
height, eye color, hair color, grooming habits, what kind of limo he can
afford to rent, where he's likely to take me out to dinner beforehand, and
whether he would look good in a tux that matches my prom dress. From these
ratings I calculate the Potential Prom Date Index for each one. (Points to
right side.) And from this I can determine which ones would be my best
investments as a prom date. (Daria is speechless for a moment.)

Daria: That's the last time I act out of morbid curiosity. (shudders) Well, if
Mom or Dad ask, I'll be at Jane's. (Quinn is not answering, already buried in
her "work." Daria leaves.)

SCENE 6
(Music: "Rush", Big Audio Dynamite. Jane is painting; Daria is sitting on the
bed.)

Daria: ...And then she figures out some index to rate them as potential prom
dates. It's like a beauty pageant turned inside-out.

Jane: Hmm. Treating men like stock options. Who knew Quinn was a budding
feminist?

Daria: More like a fashion actuary. (She turns to channel-surfing. Jane stops
painting for a moment.)

Jane: So...do *you* have any plans for the Big Day?

Daria: Are you kidding? I'd rather nail myself to the side of the school with
railroad spikes. (pause) Why, do you have plans?

Jane: No, of course not. (She continues painting.) It's mostly the thought of
dressing up in one of those cute little satin numbers with the wrist corsage
and the matching handbag. I wouldn't be able to live with myself afterward.

Daria: That, and it's a blatant example of everything that's wrong with high
school. It's looks-obsessed, shallow, and exclusive.

Jane: (jokingly) Don't hold back, Daria. Tell me what you really think.

Daria: I'm sick of hearing how great it is. It's completely taken for granted
that it's the best thing to ever hit our lives. Nobody considers that the
ticket prices are too high for some of the students to afford, and that people
who aren't part of a conventional couple aren't allowed to buy tickets at all.

Jane: (too surprised to speak for a moment) Wow. Sorry I asked.

Daria: (reddening a bit) Never mind. It's not important.

Jane: If you really think the rules are unfair, maybe you should fight them.

Daria: It's no use. Nobody else thinks they're unfair. I can't stand up to
that alone. I'd be crucified.

Jane: With railroad spikes?

Daria: If I'm lucky. (She returns to channel-surfing and finds "Sick Sad
World".)

SSW Announcer: St. Vitus High, the deadliest prom on the planet! Next on Sick
Sad World!

Daria: That's it. (She stands up.) I'm going home. Maybe if I stay in my room
with the door locked I can go five minutes without hearing about the prom.
(Pauses.) Then again...there's Quinn. (She sits again and picks up the
remote.)

Jane: (cleans off her brush; sympathetically) How about some pizza? You can't
properly wallow in self-pity without junk food.

Daria: Fine.

Jane: Hey, in six weeks it'll all be over and you can spend your life hating
the whole thing in retrospect instead of anticipation.

Daria: I'm holding my breath.

ACT II
SCENE 1
(Music: "Once in a Lifetime", Talking Heads. The Lawndale lockers. Daria is at
her locker when Jane walks by without speaking.)

Daria: Do I know you?

Jane: Oh, hi, Daria. What's up?

Daria: Well, you haven't said a word all day, for one thing. What gives?

Jane: Nothing...

Daria: Except...

Jane: Nothing, really!

Daria: Oh, please. You know I'm not giving up until I find out what's going
on.

Jane: Nothing you're interested in.

Daria: No. Don't tell me.

Jane: I was talking to Jesse yesterday...well, I was talking AT Jesse...and
the subject of the prom came up...and I kind of asked him...and he kind of
said he'd go with me.

Daria: He what?!?

Jane: Well, he said "OK, sure." Which is as close as he gets to a declarative
statement. And I've been thinking about making my own outfit. Something
involving Mylar and spray paint.

Daria: I don't believe I'm hearing this. Jane: Why not?

Daria: I thought you had more class than that.

Jane: Just because I feel like catching one of the great American cliches
doesn't mean that I've sold out. Daria, I've managed to go through high school
without learning to drive, finding a real boyfriend, getting grounded, having
a curfew, or going to a keg party. I'm allowing myself one lame rite of
passage out of all the crap everybody else does. And I don't think that's
wrong. Besides, there's no rule that says I can't go to the stupid thing and
have fun my own way. Rattle their cages a little.

Daria: Rattle whatever you want. Just don't expect me to back you. I got over
the track team thing. I got over you designing the yearbook cover last year. I
even got over your write-in campaign for class president on the Anarchist
ticket. But this is going too far.

Jane: What is your problem? You're having a major hissy fit every time the
word "prom" is mentioned in your presence.

Daria: The school has turned the prom into the ultimate status symbol. If you
go, you're somebody; if you don't, you're not. I'm not terribly pleased to
hear that my only friend has bought into that. So go ahead. Be just like
everyone else. If you're still interested in speaking to us losers, you know
my number. (She slams her locker and walks away. Music: the intro of "Black
Celebration", Depeche Mode.)

SCENE 2
(Music: "Save It For Later", The English Beat. The Lawndale cafeteria. A huge
cartoony sign at one end reads (with those removable number cards) "Only 09
Days to the Prom!" Some volunteers are already busy hanging garish neon
streamers across the ceiling. The Fashion Club sits at its table, not eating
lunch. Quinn has a smaller version of her date chart and is carefully
scrutinizing some of the guys in the lunch room. Every few seconds, she
crosses out one of the names.)

Tiffany: Wow, Quinn, you have the best technique.

Stacy: Yeah. You're never going to get stuck with a bad date!

Sandi: Well, SOME of us still prefer the NORMAL way of going to the
prom...having somebody ASK us. What are you going to do, Quinn? Ask the guys
out?

Quinn: Of course not! I'm just choosing which ones I would say yes to when
they DO ask me! I've already had twelve unacceptable offers, and I'm waiting
on these last six.

Sandi: They're not all at lunch now, are they?

Quinn: No, of course not. All but one are upperclassmen. Which reminds me, I
have to go and, um, observe a couple of them for my final decision. See ya in
study hall. (She gets up to leave and is stopped by Joey, Jeffy, and Jamie.)

Joey: Hey, Quinn.

Jeffy: How's it going, Quinn?

Jamie: Hi, Quinn.

Quinn: Hi, guys. What do you want now? (The J's look at each other.)

Joey: Well, Quinn, we were wondering when you were going to choose.

Quinn: Choose?

Jamie: Your prom date?

Quinn: Oh, that. (She looks on the list, and we see it as well; the J's are
not on it.) Well, I can't commit yet. But I'll let you know. 'Bye! (She
leaves. The J's remain watching her for a second, confused, and then huddle in
conference. Then they step up to the rest of the Fashion Club.)

Jeffy: Hi, Sandi...

Joey: Hi, Stacy...

Jamie: Hi, Tiffany... (The Fashion Club is shocked. Music: "Tempted",
Squeeze.)

SCENE 3
(Music: "Karma Chameleon", Culture Club. Montage: The Fashion Club appears
silhouetted against the mall entrance, then strides forth into the mall as if
to conquer it. Daria lies on her bed, reading Camus' "The Stranger".
Meanwhile, at the Lane's, Jane sits in her room sketching a couple of wild
concepts for her outfit. At the mall, the Fashion Club starts to scrutinize
some prom dresses. The decorators continue transforming the Lawndale cafeteria
into a neon nightmare and raise fake pillars with E.T.'s holding up Rubik's
Cubes. Ms. Li looks on, beaming. Kevin sneaks through the decorating frenzy,
sporting a shaved head; a few seconds later, Brittany storms through after
him. Daria lies on her bed, reading "Hamlet". The Fashion Club begin their
rounds of trying on and judging. Sandi gives the thumbs-down to just about
everything Quinn tries on. Jane pins (as predicted) Mylar and other assorted
fabrics on a dressmaker's dummy, referring to her sketches. Jesse sits at home
watching television, completely oblivious. Daria lies on her bed, reading "The
Inferno". The Fashion Club finally finds their ultimate prom dresses and start
to jump up and down, hugging each other in celebration. The festivities go
into slow motion as the montage ends.)

SCENE 4
(Music: "Dance Hall Days", Wang Chung. The mall. Laden with bags and boxes,
the Fashion Club leaves a chic little store and begins to walk through the
mall.)

Tiffany: That was soooo unbelievable.

Stacy: I've never had so much fun in my entire life!

Sandi: This is truly a great day in the history of the Fashion Club.

Quinn: (dreamily) Yeah...

Sandi: Now all YOU have to do, Quinn, is find a date.

Quinn: Well, so do you guys. (The other Fashion Club members exchange looks.)
What?

Tiffany: Um...We do have dates, Quinn.

Quinn: Well, why didn't you tell me? Who'd you get?

Sandi: (smugly) They're meeting us here. You'll find out then.

Quinn: Why all the... (The Fashion Club runs into the J's, who do not cluster
around Quinn as usual. Quinn continues nervously) ...secrecy? Um, hi, Joey,
Jeffy,...(not even trying the last one) What are you doing here?

Jeffy: Hi, Sandi.

Jamie: Hi, Tiffany.

Joey: Hi, Stacy. (The J's take the packages from the respective Fashion
Clubbers.)

Quinn: (Beginning to panic) What...You can't be serious. You guys are supposed
to ask me!

Jamie: Well, Quinn...

Jeffy: You didn't choose between us...

Joey: And we couldn't wait forever.

Sandi: (triumphantly) Surprise!

Quinn: But...you were supposed to...Wait a minute, what if... (She drops all
her stuff and takes out her final candidate list.) Does anyone know if Skyler
has a date yet?

Sandi: He's taking Brandi.

Quinn: What about Clint?

Tiffany: Monica.

Quinn: Damien, Jeremy, and Tyler?

Stacy: Brooke, Crystal, and Daniele with one "l".

Quinn: (Now fully panicking) What about Devon?!?

Sandi: He's going with Tracey. Face it, Quinn, your time has run out.

Quinn: No! This can't be happening! Someone had to leave his calendar open for
me! It wasn't supposed to be this way!

Sandi: Looks like...(with the ultimate evil smirk, as the lighting goes very
dramatic and she intones, complete with echo) You don't have a date to the
prom.

Quinn: (wailing) NOOOOOOOOOOOO! (She collapses onto one of those fake stone
walls surrounding a slimy mall fountain.)

Stacy: Come on, everyone. We don't have time for *losers*. (Laughing, the
Fashion Club and their new dates leave.)

(Music: the intro of "99 Red Balloons", Nena. Quinn sits in the middle of the
mall amid the wreckage of her perfect shopping day, bawling her eyes out.
Suddenly a shadow passes over her.)

Familiar Voice: Dear little Quinn! What's wrong?

Quinn: (hysterical) The list--I had it--and then my guys--the Fashion
Club--and they all had dates except me! The whole school! It's over, it's all
over, I may as well move to another country! (The speaker sits down next to
her--we can't see his face--and pats her shoulder.)

Familiar Voice: There, there, my pet. (He hands her a tissue. Not bothering to
look, Quinn accepts it and dabs her eyes.)

Quinn: This is the worst moment of my entire life.

Familiar Voice: Now, what would it take to make it all better? You need a date
to the prom, do you?

Quinn: (miserably) It's too late, all my candidates are taken.

Familiar Voice: You know, not everyone has a date yet...

Quinn: (sniffling) Really?

Familiar Voice: Do you really want to go?

Quinn: Of course! I'd do anything!

Familiar Voice: (craftily) Anything?

Quinn: Anything!

Familiar Voice: Consider it done, sweetcakes!

Quinn: Wait a minute... (She wipes her eyes and looks at the person for the
first time. Her tear-blurred vision swims into focus, and she sees that it is
none other than Upchuck. Quinn's scream echoes through the mall...)

SCENE 5
(Music: "Don't Dream It's Over", Crowded House, continuing through the scene.
The Morgandorffer house. From her room, Daria watches Quinn dash to Upchuck's
car (or, more exactly, his father's car), her shawl over her face like a
criminal hiding from news cameras. Daria, expressionless, lies on her bed and
picks up another book. After a few seconds, the phone rings.)

Daria: Hello?

Jane: (dressed in the creation we saw earlier, makeup smeared) Daria?

Daria: Jane? Why aren't you at the--

Jane: (miserably) Jesse completely forgot about the prom. Typical. So in
effect, I got stood up. What a cheesy way to end, huh? (sighs) I'm calling to
ask you if you want to go out for pizza, and to ask you, as a friend, not to
rub it in my face. --The stand-up, not the pizza.

(Daria is quiet for a second.)

Daria: Sure. To both of them.

Jane: (Smiles) I'll be over in a minute. As soon as I can figure out how to
get out of this thing I put together. (They hang up. Daria sits thinking for a
moment, then puts the book down.)

SCENE 6
(Music: still "Don't Dream It's Over." The pizza shop. Daria and Jane have
their usual table.)

Daria: We should have gone together. Made 'em wonder.

Jane: But which one of us would wear the cute little satin number with the
wrist corsage and matching handbag?

Daria: Good point. (They click cups. Closing credit music: "Stay or Go", the
Clash.)
