_The Look-Alike Series_
Daria fan fiction by Canadibrit 
Episode 8: "Lady and the Tank"
prose adaptation by Austin Loomis

"Time passes slowly on a weekend. 
A fly crawls up the wall, 
One of those iridescent flies of fall.
Time passes slowly on a weekend."
	-- Jon Arbuckle 

In her room, Jane Lane, artiste extraordinaire and pizza fiend, was lying
across her bed on her stomach, staring at a blank canvas.  Her friend and
fellow outcast Daria Morgendorffer was sitting on the bed, back propped
against the headboard, staring at a blank piece of paper.  Their mutual
friend and Daria's near-double, Lynn Cullen, was sitting with her back
propped against the bed, reading _GTA or Getaway: the Fugitive's Guide to
Emergency Auto Mechanics_.  The room was almost perfectly still, and
boredom hung in the air like a heat haze.
	Jane broke the silence with a moan.  "It's doing it again.  The
canvas is actively laughing at me."
	In her usual monotone, Daria observed, "I didn't think it was
possible to be this bored."
	Lynn sighed.  "I haven't written anything in days.  I mean, God,
even the Thanksgiving visit to Ohio didn't amuse me."
	Daria perked up a little at that.  "What's amusing about watching
your relatives stuff their faces and giving each other grief?"
	A smirk.  "A number of family traditions that are distinctly
Cullen.  First, the Cullens get together and snipe at each other until
they get bored.  Then we wait for the arrival of the Smythe."
	A raised eyebrow.  "The Smythe?"
	"One of Dad's relations.  Mom wouldn't let *either* of us keep his
name after he ran off to Portugal. -- Anyway, a Smythe comes by with a
camera and takes the annual photo of me to show my dad -- not that people
couldn't have fobbed him off with the same one for the last couple of
years -- and is then subjected to a dinner-long rant about how Dad blew
Mom off and everything that's wrong with the Smythe family as a whole."
	"This sounds familiar," Jane observed.  "Trent and I played that
sort of role at our last family reunion.  Except ours took days."  _Well,
it *felt* like days before we evacuated ourselves._
	"So bags of fun all around. -- We did have one Smythe with guts,
though; he turned to me and told me how much like Dad I was."
	"Reaction?" Daria wondered.
	Another smirk.  "He fled screaming into the night ten minutes
later, with all the Cullens at his heels with torches and pitchforks,
practically. -- That kind of evil runs in *both* sides of my family."
	"Doubly cursed."
	A shrug.  "Or blessed.  Whatever."
	Silence fell over the room again, as that topic wound down. "Well,
that killed about a minute."
	Jane got an evil glint in her eyes.  "Hey, I know!"
	Daria turned to Lynn.  "Do you like that look in her eye?"
	Lynn replied, "I *never* like that look in her eye."
	Jane made her suggestion.  "We'll go see if Trent knows of
anything amusing going on in this here burg!"
	Daria gave voice to a long-suffering sigh.  "I *knew* I didn't
like that look in her eye."

				      * * * 

In his room, Jane's older brother Trent was sprawled out across the bed,
snoring.  Jane walked into the doorway.  Daria and Lynn, nervous for their
own reasons, stood behind her.
	"Trent?" Jane inquired.  After giving him time to reply of his own
steam, she shouted, "*Yo, Trent!*"
	Trent half-awoke with a start.  "I'm telling you, officer, she's
18!"  Now fully awake, and seeing the girls, he blushed like a maniac.  
"Oh...hey, Janey.  Lynn.  Daria."
	"You've gotta help us, Trent.  We're all bored and uninspired and
generally climbing the walls."
	"The weekend stretches out before us like a long and desolate
road," Lynn added in her usual deadpan tones.  "And all the drive-ins are
closed.  Help us or we will go insane and take you with us."
	"Love to help you, guys," Trent shrugged, "but Mystik Spiral's 
on the road this weekend."
	Jane was excited, but was also having trouble believing her
brother's band actually had paying employment.  "You got a *gig?* Where?"
	"The wilds of Carter County.  There's a Grunge Grandstander's Gala
on at The Horn Dog."  He paused for inspiration to strike.  "Hey, you guys
want to come along?  We could use roadies."
	"Maybe...what's it worth to you?"
	"Weren't you saying how bored you were?"
	"But that doesn't mean we're going to lug amps around for no pay
at all.  How about letting us tag along without having to pay gas or
food?"
	"That's highway robbery."
	Jane grinned.  "That's cool.  We'll be on a highway. -- Look at it
this way: we are your fan club. -- Come to think of it, we are your fan
*base.*  You get roadies, groupies and reviewers in one neat little
package of socially deviant girls."
	Trent considered this a moment.  "Well, we're getting fed free at
The Horn Dog..."
	Lynn sighed.  "I'll bring my recording equipment. -- And, with
what I record, I will burn your first live album onto CD at no charge."
	Now he was convinced.  "Cool.  I've gotta call the guys.  If this
is gonna be our live album, we gotta practice."
	"Pleasure doing business with you."  The three girls made their
exit.  Outside Trent's room, Daria and Jane looked at Lynn, making her
feel ever so slightly defensive.  "What?"
	Daria couldn't believe it.  "You have a CD burner?"
	Lynn shrugged.  "CD burner, mixing decks, video camera and editing
board..."
	"Not MI6_Factory_Rejects again?"
	"Nope; Mom's overpaid job.  When I show an aptitude for something,
Mom thinks I've found my calling in life, and she's willing and able to
pay for whatever equipment I need to fulfill my potential."
	"And you use this to your advantage how often?" Jane wondered.
	Lynn sounded casual.  "Hey...I've got a lot of potential."

				      * * *

In the kitchen of Morgendorffer Home Base, Jake was inflicting another 
bizarre culinary experiment on his family -- this time, something that 
looked basically like cannelloni except for being a rather bizarre shade 
of orange.  His wife Helen was staring at Quinn, their younger daughter, 
who was chattering away into the cordless phone.
	Daria examined the orange things on her plate.  _And I thought
cafeteria food was bad._ "What exactly is this?"
	"Cannelloni la Jake, Kiddo!  I thought the parmesan cheese was a
little...plain, so I used Red Leicester!  You'll love it!"
	"Sorry, Dad, but I have strict principles about eating anything
quite that shade of orange. -- Unless it's synthetic. -- Or an orange."
	Quinn continued to gush into the phone.  "I *know,* Stacy, isn't
it *sweet?*"  She fell silent for a moment.  Presumably, from her reply,
the Fashion Club's secretary was asking her vice-president if she'd
figured out the identity of her Phantom Admirer.  "Well, no, not yet, but
he's leaving little *clues!* His last note was talking about being my
knight in shining armor and fighting a duel to the *death* for me!"  
Something about that sounded familiar to Daria, but if Quinn was involved
in it, it probably wasn't worth wasting brainpower on.
	Helen sounded annoyed.  "Quinn, we're at the table and ready to
eat.  Will you get off the phone?"
	Quinn put a hand over the mouthpiece and turned to her mother.  
"But muh-*omm,* we're discussing my potential *steady boyfriend* here!  
This can't wait!"  She turned back to the phone.  "I wish I knew what it
meant but I've been watching members of the fencing team and I think..."
	Stacy Rowe would have to wait a while to find out what her friend
thought, however, as Helen snatched the phone from Quinn just then and
spoke into it.  "I'm sorry, but Quinn will have to call you back after
dinner.  Goodbye."  She hung up and put the phone on the table.  "Now,
let's sit down and have a civilized family dinner.  Daria, how was your
day?  Any plans for the weekend?"
	Trying to sound casual about it, Daria replied, "Actually, I was
planning on taking a roadie gig in a Carter County brewpub.  Thank you for
asking."
	"*What?*" Jake blurted.  "My little girl's not going to spend her
weekend in one of those seedy brewpubs!"
	Helen took her casual "you must be joking" tone.  "Jake, of
*course* she's not."  She turned to Daria.  "Spending the weekend with
Jane again?"
	Daria decided the best way to deal with the question was to evade
it.  "I will be spending the weekend with Jane, yes.  Lynn will be along
as well."
	"Well, that's fine. -- So, Quinn, how are things at school?"
	"Well," Quinn bubbled, "Joey, Jeffy and...oh, what's-his-name...
are kind of bummed out with me because I won't go out with them until I
find out who that guy dressed as the Phantom of the Opera at the Halloween
Haunt was, and Sandi's trying to get them to pay attention to *her* but
they won't because," she giggled, "they're so *devoted* to me and--"
	"Oh, for the love of...I meant *schoolwork,* Quinn."
	"Oh, *that!* Nothing new there."
	Helen sighed.
	Jake looked up.  "Hey, where's the paper?"

				      * * * 

Bright and early next day, Mystik Spiral's tour van, affectionately known
as The Tank, was parked outside Casa Lane.  Bass player and proud papa
Nick Campbell was carrying a bass drum and sweating like a horse.  Max
Tyler, the _criminale_ who would be playing that drum by nighttime, was
straining to lift an amplifier into his van.  Jane was carrying some amp
cables in a coil over her shoulder.  Daria, wearing the same blue jeans
and black T-shirt she'd worn on the abortive Alternapalooza road trip, but
with her green jacket over them this time, wandered toward the house and
quietly watched the preparations from a safe distance.
	"Hey, watch it in there!" Jane shouted.  "We need a place to sit,
you know!"
	"We're doing the best we can!" Max snapped.  "Anyway, you're
supposed to be doing this -- you're the roadie!"
	Jane shrugged her cabled shoulder.  "I'm doing the roadie thing!  
Anyway, remember who's getting you guys on CD!"
	Daria made her approach.  "That's cracking the whip, oh slave
driver."
	"Hey.  What can I say?  They're useless."  She threw the cords
into the van.  "Some of us are going to have to go along in Trent's car."
	"Great," Daria deadpanned.  "I can already feel the fumes killing
my brain cells as I sit in the back and pray with my last coherent thought
that Trent doesn't fall asleep at the wheel."
	"You *could* sit in the front..." Jane suggested mischievously.  
"...make sure he stays awake..."
	"One of these days, Jane..." came the sullen, deadpan reply,
"...right to the moon."
	A car horn sounded.  Daria and Jane turned to see Lynn driving a
silver Mercedes convertible.  As she stepped out of the car, they saw that
she was wearing a pair of black jeans instead of a skirt.  The rest of her
outfit was the same as usual: Docs, gray T-shirt, purple field-jacket.  
"Hi, guys," she said.
	"Hey."
	"Whoa!" Jane enthused.  "Love the wheels!"  Enviously she begged,
"Tell me they're not yours."
	Lynn grinned.  "You have no excuse to kill me in a fit of jealous
rage, Jane.  The car's not mine...yet.  I have a feeling that Mom's going
to be presenting me the keys to this beauty as a graduation present.  I
thought we could use the room...and I don't like the look of Trent's car."
	"I've seen worse."
	_You've ridden home from the Zen in worse,_ Daria thought, which
reminded her.  "Oh, yeah; whatever happened to Tom, anyway?"
	The reply came in rather clipped tones.  "I don't want that name
mentioned ever again."
	Daria was taken aback, but decided not to press the issue.
"Okay..."
	"I swear," Lynn muttered, "one of these days the in-jokes with you
two will drive me insane."
	Trent came stumbling out of the house then.  "Tell me again why we
had to leave this early?"
	"It's a long drive," Jane reminded him.  "Oh, by the way, we're
taking Lynn's car as well as the Tank."
	Trent surveyed the Mercedes.  "Cool.  Yours?"
	Lynn waved a hand.  "Vaguely.  Trent, need to talk to you about
some of the equipment I'm lugging in the trunk."
	"*You're not helping!*" Max shouted.
	"All right, all right!" Jane called over her shoulder, then turned
to her friend.  "Come on, Daria."
	Once they'd gone, Lynn opened the trunk to reveal a bunch of
recording equipment.  "Will there be enough room to set some of this stuff
up onstage?"
	"Plenty," Trent replied.  "We're sort of minimalist."
	_Minimal on the instrumental talent front, anyway._  "Cool.  Now,
your act won't involve any overt guitar-swinging or smashing things, will
it?  I can't afford to replace this stuff if you break it.  Neither can
you, if you get me."
	"Pricey stuff, huh?"
	"Oh yeah."
	"Nah.  We don't break stuff."
	_People's eardrums don't count, obviously._  "Good.  Now, what do
you want to do about seating arrangements?"
	Trent blushed.  "Huh?"
	She continued in a businesslike tone.  "Let me put it to you in
terms you can understand.  You.  Daria.  Backseat of the Mercedes.  Time
to talk.  I'll drive and pay *no* attention at all.  The others can ride
in your car or the Tank.  As close to privacy as you're going to get
without being obvious."
	Trent instantly went sheepish.  "Oh yeah.  Cool."  He wandered
off.  Lynn looked after him with a fond, exasperated expression.  Not too
much later at all, the Tank pulled away from the curb, followed closely by
Lynn in the Mercedes.

				      * * *

At Cranberry Commons mall, the four members of the Lawndale High Fashion
Club strolled through the jewelry department of Cashman's.  "And I *know*
it's a little too soon to tell or anything," Quinn bubbled, "because I'm,
like, still really young and stuff, but if I *was* going to get engaged,
I'd want..."  She searched the window display a moment and found what she
was looking for.  "...*that* ring."  It was a tasteful design, with five
oval diamond chips like daisy petals around a round sapphire stone in the
center.
	"Wow, Quinn," Stacy said admiringly, "you have *such* good taste!"
	"I know," Quinn replied with her usual false modesty.
	"Maybe," president Sandi Griffin interjected smugly, seeing an
opportunity to cut her "rival" down to size, "but you haven't got very...
shall we say, *discerning* taste, *have* you, Quinn?"
	Quinn was confused.  "What do you mean, Sandi?"
	"I mean, if a man *really* loves you, he should want to buy you
something like *that.*"  In this case, "that" was a very large solitaire
diamond on a platinum band, very gaudy and obviously expensive.
	Quinn tried not to sound smug about her reply.  "But *Sandi,* I
mean, what's the point of *having* an engagement ring if it's not
something you'd be proud to show off?"
	A reply like that to Sandi was like waving a red flag in front of
a bull.  "Are you saying that you wouldn't be proud to show *off*
something *I* chose?"
	Stacy and coordinating officer Tiffany Blum-Deckler shrank back in
fear, but Quinn faced Sandi down.  "What I'm saying, *Sandi,* is that it's
*my* imaginary engagement and *my* choice and expensive isn't always
best!"
	Sandi turned an unflattering shade of purple at that barb.  She
looked like she was just about to explode when a saleslady came out from
behind the counter and turned to the redhead in the jeans and the smiley-
face T-shirt.  "You're Quinn Morgendorffer, right?"
	Quinn was confused at why the question would come up, but it
wasn't a hard one to answer.  "That's right."
	"Someone left a package here for you."  The saleslady handed over
a small box.  "The lad said, `From your Phantom Admirer,' whatever that
means."  She went back to her cash register.
	"Ooh!  He's sending me secret *presents!*"  She opened the box.  
"Oh!"  It was a pair of exquisitely worked silver earrings with a small
oval piece of obsidian set in each.  They didn't look gaudy or expensive,
but they were definitely beautiful.  Sandi went from purple to green.
Stacy looked impressed.  Tiffany just had her usual confused "what day is
this?" expression.

				      * * *

It was an eighteen-hour drive on the highways and byways of Carter County
from Lawndale to The Horn Dog.  Lynn looked in the Mercedes' rear view
mirror and saw Trent and Daria sitting on opposite sides of the backseat,
not speaking to each other.  _Damn,_ she thought.  _This is going to
require a catalyst._ "Hey, guys, can we do something?  I'm getting
*immensely* bored up here."
	"How about the picnic game?" Trent suggested.  "We came up with
some intense stuff last time...right, Daria?"
	Daria blushed.  "Yeah."
	"You guys are demented," Lynn opined.  "But...okay, the picnic
game.  Who wants to start?"

				      * * * 

The travelers in the Tank had had the same idea.  Max was driving, and
Nick had the front passenger "shotgun" position.  Jane and her more-or-
less main squeeze, hunky rhythm guitarist Jesse "Leather" Moreno were
sitting in the back, leaning forward to join in the conversation.
	"I'm going to the picnic," Max led off, "and I'm bringing...an
allergy to all things work-related."

				      * * * 

The driver of the Mercedes took up the challenge.  "I'm going to the
picnic and I'm bringing Axl Rose's personalized running shoes and...
barbecued Branch Dividians."

				      * * * 

"I'm going to the picnic," Jane began rattling off a while later, "and I'm
bringing an allergy to all things work-related...a bourgeois outlook on
modern-day society..."

				      * * * 

"...a cangue for my sins..." Daria continued.
	That reminded Trent.  "I forgot to ask -- what's a cangue?"
	"A heavy wooden board worn around the neck like a yoke," Lynn
explained.
	"Common form of punishment in China," Daria elaborated.
	"Right," Trent nodded.  "Sorry."
	"Where was I?  Oh yeah...Darth Maul on a speed trip...an Eco-
warrior down on his luck..."
				      * * * 

"...a flux capacitor..." Nick said, "...and great green gobs of greasy
grimy gopher guts!"

				      * * *

"...Imperialist dogs to take against the wall and shoot..." Trent said,
"...a Jacobean tragedy unfolding...and Kyuss' latest album to melt in the
microwave."

				      * * * 

"...a laser scalpel..." Jesse continued, "...marital aids...Nostradamus'
final unheard prophesy about Bill Gates sticking his--"
	Suddenly and without warning, there came an evil noise and a 
billow of smoke from under the hood of the Tank.
	"My baby!" Max outgrabe.  "NO!"

				      * * * 

"...Needles and syringes so I don't have to share..." Lynn continued,
"...occult jewellery...parasites living in my guts...Quentin Tarantino's
best one-liners...and Ronald Reagan's head on a stick."  The Mercedes
passed a dead van.
	"I'm going to the picnic and I'm bringing..."  Daria noticed
something.  "Hey, was that the Tank back there?"
	They turned around and parked the Mercedes in front of the Tank,
on the shoulder of that deserted road somewhere in Carter County.
	Max was poking around under the hood.  "What the hell?"
	"What?" Trent wondered.
	"There is glue in my engine!"
	Jane, who had put the glue there with her Stikmata 5000 on the
abortive trip to Alternapalooza, had the good grace to blanch.  
"Whoops..."
	"You put *glue* in my engine?" Max asked menacingly.
	"Hey, it was the only way we could have got it going again!  I
mean it was that or walk miles to call for help! -- Anyway, I bet that's
not what's wrong with it."
	"Well, it could be!"
	"But you don't know?" Daria asked levelly.
	Max was flustered.  "Well...I..."  He recovered.  "Well, none of
*you* knows what's wrong with it!"
	"Step aside, slap-head," Lynn snapped, then turned to Daria.  "Go
in the trunk of the Mercedes and get that book on emergency auto
mechanics, would you?"
	Trent was impressed.  "You know auto mechanics?"
	She tried to be casual.  "In a manner of speaking..."

				      * * * 

Moving toward sunset, Lynn was ripping apart a piece of audio equipment --
none of the others were quite sure which one -- and using the pieces to
patch up a starter motor.  At her side was _The Fugitive's Guide to
Emergency Auto Mechanics_.  "Damn," she observed.  "When was the last time
you maintained this thing?"
	"Hey," Max snapped, "the Tank is indestructible."
	"And yet twice now it's stranded unwary travellers on the road to
nowhere.  Funny, that."
	A few feet away, Trent and Daria were sitting side by side on the
grass.  Trent had his acoustic guitar out.  "Deja vu, huh, Daria?"
	_All over again._ "Yeah."  A pause for thought.  "So."
	"So..."
	Nick approached them.  "Hey, Trent, how long do you think it'll
take to fix the Tank?"
	Trent was both annoyed and relieved to be interrupted.  "Well,
Lynn looks like she knows what she's doing...but I don't think Max likes
anyone fooling around with his baby."
	Lynn was now leaning into the engine housing, standing on tiptoe.  
Nobody standing outside could see her upper body at all.  Max was standing
protectively beside the Tank, looking very worried.  "What are you doing?"
he stressed.
	Lynn sounded quite annoyed.  "What have you put this poor car
through?  I haven't been reading up on this stuff for long, but from what
I can see, the glue was the most stable thing holding this engine
together!"
	That only made him angry.  "Are you insulting the Tank?"
	She barely controlled her own anger.  "No...if anything, I'm 
insulting the careless owner who makes such a show of loving his damn 
vehicle but lets it fall into *this* sort of condition."  She was very 
much reminded of the _Fawlty Towers_ episode where Basil's beloved and 
much-abused Mini breaks down while he's on a grocery run and he ends 
up beating on it with either a very large tree-branch or a very small 
tree.  She started looking around for a branch with which to hit the 
Tank, or maybe Max.
	Jane and Jesse came out of the back of the Tank, bearing bags over
to the other three.  Jane spoke up.  "Hey, we got warm orange soda and
stale Twinkies!  Let's eat!"
	"Your fuel line's seen better days...your plugs need a cleaning
...I bet your brake lines are screwed...Will you get out of my light, you
automotive amateur?  I'm trying to see if your damn block's cracked!"
	"Stop it!" Max panicked.  "Stop!  You'll hurt her!"
	Lynn sounded downright exasperated.  "It's an inanimate *object,*
Max.  For the love of God, grow up!  Read my lips; *it does not feel
pain!*"
	Jesse began to wonder.  "Hey, are we ever gonna get to The Horn
Dog?"
	Max was evidently scandalized.  "I can't believe you said that!"
	"Well, *I* can't believe I'm stranded in the middle of nowhere
with a total moron, either, but if that's possible, I suppose *anything*
is!"
	"Well," Jane answered Jesse's question, "since she's the only one
capable of fixing the Tank..."
	"...And she's currently occupied with insulting your drummer..."
Daria added.
	"...Or, more accurately, insulting his auto repair skills..."
	"...And worse yet, implying that the Tank is less than human..."
	They joined together to finish the thought.  "...Probably not."

				      * * *

Twilight was falling.  Jane had her red shirt in her hand and was poised 
to wave it at passing cars.  Unfortunately, there *were* no passing cars. 
Lynn was seemingly on the verge of falling into the engine compartment 
of the Tank.  In the still evening air, they could hear clanking and 
the odd mutter from under the hood.  Max was watching with something 
like awe in his face.  Jesse and Nick were asleep in the back seat of 
the Mercedes; Daria and Trent were still sitting cross-legged on the 
grass.
	Trent was strumming at his guitar, just like last time.  "Nice
night, huh, Daria?"
	"Yeah," she agreed.  It's nice when it's quiet like this.  Gives
you a chance to hear yourself think."
	"Yeah."  There was an uncomfortable pause, then he started to say
what he'd accidentally said to Lynn at Halloween.  "Daria, I--"
	Just then, with impeccably bad timing, Jane wandered up.  "Hey
Trent, any idea how..."  She trailed off, realizing that she'd made a
rather large tactical error vis-a-vis yenta-ing.  "Oh.  Am I interrupting
something?"
	Daria answered truthfully, but due to her proximity to Trent, she
was blushing anyway.  "No."
	"Not really," Trent steamed.
	Jane wasn't convinced, but decided not to press the issue lest she
screw it up worse.  "Well, I was just wondering if you knew how Lynn was
coming on the Tank."
	"I don't know," Daria replied.  "The mutters from under the hood
sound less like profanity, if that tells you anything."
	"And Max has stopped yelling at her," Trent pointed out.
	"Well," Jane shrugged, "love him, love his van..."
	"I wouldn't say that around her if I were you," Daria warned.  
"Remember, she's our only chance at a ride home.  She has the only working
car and she's the only one capable of fixing the other one."
	"Good point.  I'll save up all my taunting for school on Monday."
	Lynn hauled herself out from under the hood and slammed it shut.
She was a grease-smeared wreck, but she looked rather proud of herself.
"Well, if she doesn't work now, she never will.  Fire her up, Max!"
	Max got behind the wheel of the Tank and turned the key.  The
engine roared into life.  "All right!  She never sounded better!"
	"Just get her to a *real* auto mechanic before too long, okay?  I
have no way of telling how long that jury-rigging will last."
	"All right, we're on our way to The Horn Dog!"
	"Can we still make it before the Grunge Grandstander's Gala
starts?" Jane wondered.
	Trent answered that question with one of his own.  "What time is
it?"
	"Seven forty-five," Daria replied.
	"If we hurry."
	"Aw, Trent," Max sulked, "you *know* the Tank can't do more than
fifty miles per hour!  She's sensitive!"
	"Max," Lynn advised him, "push her to ninety."  Max gave her an
incredulous look.  "Trust me."
	He did, and the Tank burned rubber out of there, followed by the
Mercedes.

				      * * * 

Daria was sitting alone in the back seat of the Mercedes.  Jane was
sitting with Lynn up front.
	"Wonder why the guys wanted the Tank to themselves?" the driver
reflected.
	"What did you *say* to him, Daria?" Jane demanded.
	Daria was puzzled.  "What?"
	"When I came over to you guys and interrupted..."
	"You *interrupted* them?" Lynn sighed.  "Jane, you're an idiot."
	The other two, confused, said simply, "What?"
	Lynn sighed again.  "Never mind."

				      * * * 

The banner over the door of The Horn Dog read CARTER COUNTY GRUNGE
GRANDSTANDER'S GALA 1999.  The Tank and the Mercedes were parked out
front.  Whooping and cheering could be heard from the inside.
	Inside, the Spiral was onstage, while the girls stood behind
Lynn's recording equipment.  "I sure hope this stuff works without those
parts in it," she worried.
	"What parts?" Jane asked suspiciously.
	Lynn got sad and sheepish.  "A lot of the stuff that looked
redundant in my recording equipment and seemed like it might help fix the
Tank...I gave up in the name of getting us here."
	Jane and Daria looked at her sympathetically.  Then Trent hit a
grinding chord and their attention turned to the stage.
	"Hey, people.  We're Mystik Spiral...but we're thinking of
changing our name.  We came up with this one on the road tonight.  It's
called `Subversive Teenage Roadies.'"
	As one voice, the girls boggled, "Subversive teenage roadies?"
	Trent began to sing and strum, as the guys backed him up.  

"o/~ Our crummy van broke down
	In someplace just like hell
	And we were lost for good
	As far as we could tell
	We didn't call on God
	We knew he didn't care
	At least we had the sense
	To have our roadies there... o/~" Jesse joined in on the chorus.
"o/~ Subversive teenage roadies
	Subversive teenage roadies
	Subversive teenage roadies fixed our car
	Subversive teenage roadies
	Subversive teenage roadies
	Those three teen roadies got us where we are... o/~"
	He launched into a guitar solo, while Lynn struggled against
laughter, less than successfully.  "Subversive teenage roadies fixed their
car?"
	Daria pointed out, in her usual deadpan, "It was only you that
fixed the car."
	Jane smirked.  "Artistic license."
	Lynn sighed.  "It's not quite being Deborah from Disco 2000, but
it'll do in a pinch."
	Trent and Jesse tore into the chorus again.  "o/~ Subversive
teenage roadies
	Subversive teenage roadies
	Subversive teenage roadies... o/~
	ARGHHHHHHHHH!"
	The song ended in a cacophony of slightly missed chords,
distortion pedal abuse and an overenthusiastic drum solo from Max.  The
girls winced a little while no one was watching.

				      * * * 

Outside The Horn Dog, after the show, the touring company, minus Lynn,
were standing over the Mercedes' hood reading the map of Carter County
that Jesse's kid brother Danny had drawn.  "There sure are a lot of
camping/murder scenes in this area," Jane observed.
	"Probably has something do to with the guy with a hook for a hand
across the lake," Daria pointed out.
	Max seemed vaguely worried.  "Um...guys?  Where's Lynn?"
	"Talking to the owner."
	"She thought he might be able to suggest a decent place to stay
tonight," Nick explained.
	Trent seemed more concretely worried.  "What time is it?"
	"Twelve-thirty," Daria replied.  "Why?"
	In horrified unison, the members of Mystik Spiral exclaimed, "The
dogs!"
	From behind the building came a volley of frenzied, vicious
barking and a high-pitched scream.  "*Back!  Back, you lunatic mongrels!*"
The barking became more vicious.  There was another, incoherent scream and
a gunshot.  The gang looked at each other and with one accord broke into a
run for the building.

				      * * * 

Dawn was breaking.  Daria was asleep in the back seat of the Mercedes.
Trent was driving, while Lynn was riding shotgun.  Her left arm was
bandaged, her shirt was ripped, her face was a bit scratched and her
glasses were mended with duct tape.  "Wolf/German shepherd crossbreeds?"
she droned.
	Trent seemed worried.  "Sure we shouldn't get you to a hospital?"
	"Next time, warn someone about the psychotic owner and the vicious
dogs."
	Trent had the good grace to look shamefaced.  "I talked to Mike.  
They've had shots."
	"He *had* to shoot one to get it off me."
	"You got near them at feeding time."  Trent still couldn't quite
have met her gaze, even if he hadn't been driving.  There was an awkward
moment of silence.
	"No luck talking to Daria?"
	"The right time never came," Trent muttered, sheepish and a bit
angry.  "No privacy."
	"There's time," she assured him gently.
	Trent smiled at her gratefully.  She returned the smile.

				      * * * 

Later, in her room, Jane was painting her interpretation of Lynn's
encounter with the dogs.  Lynn was still reading up on emergency auto
mechanics.  Daria looked up from what she was writing.  "Ivory fangs?"
	"Yeah," Lynn agreed thoughtfully, "but old ivory...stained with
the blood of a thousand victims."
	"Hmm...I like that," she concluded admiringly and bent to her
notebook again.
	"Well," Jane remarked bracingly, "at least we got some excitement
this weekend."
	"Too bad the recording never came out," Lynn confessed with a
wistful sigh.  "I think I pulled one wire too many for the Tank."
	"No one minds.  So long as we tag along when they play 15 to Life
next week..."  Daria and Lynn looked at each other.  Then, in unison, they
glared at Jane, stood up and walked out of the room.  "Oh, come on, you
guys!" she ran after them.  "Jesse says the ex-cons are cool!"

ADAPTOR'S NOTES
	Changing Canadibrit's use of J.J. Jeeters to the jewelry counter 
at Cashman's was done with her permission.
	As far as I know, I'm the first Daria fanfic writer, or even 
adaptor, to use the verb "outgribe" in a fic.  (Let me know if I'm not, 
of course.)  Just in case you didn't know, it's from Charles Lutwidge 
Dodgson's 1871 juvenile classic _Through the Looking-Glass and What Alice 
Found There_, which (like its 1865 predecessor) actually hovers on the 
edge of what Neal Stephenson would call "unreconstructed Brothers Grimm" 
content.
	At the Canadibrit's request, we've got a Fawlty Towers reference 
this time instead of a Python reference.
	Obligatory legal blap: Daria Morgendorffer was created (as were
the rest of the Lawndale characters) by Glenn Eichler and Susie Lewis
Lynn, and she and her neighbors are copyright 1993, 1997, 2000 MTV
Networks, a Viacom company.  _Fawlty Towers_ is copright 1975, 2000 either
John Cleese or the BBC, hopefully the former.  (As Michelle Klein- Haess
has pointed out, work-for-hire sucks the yolks from ostrich eggs.)  They
are here used, without the permission of their creators or owners, in the
not-for-profit context of fan-fiction.  The character of Lynn Cullen is
copyright 1999, 2000 Janet "Canadibrit" Neilson, as is this storyline,
which was adapted by Austin Loomis (to whom the prose format version is
copyright 2000) with permission.
	All other characters, locations and incidents (of which I don't
think there are any, actually) are either imaginary or used fictitiously.
Any coincidence of names is regretted, and any resemblance to persons
living, dead, undead, or wandering the night in ghostly torment is either
purely satirical or not my fault.
	As a "substantially transformative" derivative work, this story is
protected by the Supreme Court's decision in re Campbell v. Acuff Rose
Music.  It may be freely redistributed as long as this copyright notice is
maintained intact, but may not be in any way redistributed for profit
without the permission of the legal owners of all concepts involved.  The
present author hereby gives permission for any and all keepers of Daria
fanfic pages to archive this work (as if I could stop them).  Any
publication of this story for profit without the express written
permission of Austin Loomis, Janet Neilson and MTV Networks (like any of
that'll happen, especially the last) is strictly prohibited, and
violators, if I ever decide to track them down, will be strung up by the
thumbs, beaten about the head and shoulders with a free-range carrot, and
then handed over to corporate lawyers who will do terrible things to them
on purpose.
 
Austin, and good day.
