_The Look-Alike Series_
Daria fan fiction by Canadibrit
Season 3, episode 12: "Sets and the Single Girls"
prose adaptation by Austin Loomis


"You're waiting for someone to push you together
 You're waiting for someone to push you away
 There's always another room to discover
 Always something more you wish he'd say"
	-- Vertical Horizon, "Everything You Want"


ACT 1: ANGELS DON'T FALL IN LOVE

Andrew Philip McIntyre was pacing around a corner of the Lawndale High 
auditorium stage, script in hand, throwing out Romeo Montague's lines 
at random.  "`Ay me,'" he sighed, '`sad hours seem long.'"  He thought 
a moment, then stubbornly insisted, "`I'll go along, no such sight to 
be shown/But to rejoice in splendor of mine own.'"  Then he skipped ahead 
to the lovesick announcement, "`Did my heart love till now?  forswear 
it, sight!/For I ne'er saw true beauty till this night.'"  A long pause, 
in which he looked dejected, then a sigh.  "`I am fortune's fool.'"
	"Hey."
	He jumped about three feet in the air.  "*Yaaaagh!*"  Trying 
to calm down, he looked and saw that it was the Chorus, known in real 
life as Daria Morgendorffer.  "Oh.  Hey, Erudite Emerald."
	Daria raised an eyebrow.  "If this is what rehearsals do to
you..."
	"Well, it was like Purple Peril said.  No one pays any attention 
to drummers unless they make great big idiots of themselves," he groaned. 
"*This* way, I'm in a lead role, on stage in front of the whole school, 
and the only way I *won't* make an idiot of myself is if...actually, 
no, there's *no* way I'm not going to make an idiot of myself."
	"You're not that bad."
	"Only because I'm not acting most of the time," he muttered.
	Daria gave him a commiserating little smile.  He shrugged and 
went back to pacing.  
	At the other end of the stage, the said Peril -- A.P.'s co-lead, 
and Daria's look-alike (and half-sister), Lynn Cullen -- was sitting 
cross-legged on the floor, flipping through the script.  Jane Lane, who'd 
be opposite her as the Nurse, crept up behind her with one of her usual 
evil smirks.  "`Go, girl!  Seek happy nights to happy days!'"
	Lynn didn't even look up.  "If you were going to try to sneak 
up on me, you could have at least picked a cue line."
	"I didn't startle you?"  Art-Smart Scarlet threw up her hands 
in exasperation.  "Oh, no, of course I didn't.  Lynn Cullen is 
*impossible* to sneak up on these days, *isn't* she."
	Lynn still wasn't looking up.  "Not impossible."  She let Jane 
think about that, then smirked.  "Just very, very hard."
	Jodie Abigail Landon, cured superstudent, approached them then, 
looking nervous, and stepped over to Jane.  "Um...Jane...?  I never made 
a deal with *you,* right?  About...extra-curriculars?"
	Jane was instantly suspicious.  "That's right..."
	"And...you owe me one?  From the tutoring?"
	Her suspicions deepened.  "I guess I do..."
	Jodie let her panic show.  "You've *gotta* help me!  I'm going 
*nuts!*  The set design is going to *kill* me!  Mr. O'Neill doesn't know 
*what* he wants and he wants *me* to figure it out and I'm not all that 
great at the abstract and--"
	Jane interrupted, totally bemused now.  "Whoa, whoa, whoa.  What 
is it you want from me?"
	"Ideas."
	"For the set design."  Jodie gave a weak nod.  "And we're putting 
on the play in two weeks."  Another meek nod.  "Uh-huh.  And what have 
you got so far?"
	The reply was almost inaudible.  "diddlysquat."
	Jane looked at Jodie, who looked very small all of a sudden.  
Then she sighed and turned to Lynn.
	The Peril raised a Nimoy eyebrow.  "Think modern.  Last thing 
in the world I want is to be slammed into Elizabethan-era gear.  Bustles 
and ruffs and..."  She shuddered involuntarily.  "God defend me."
	Jane thought a moment...then got that evilly-inspired look.  
Jodie looked pleased.
	Lynn, knowing Jane better, looked nervous and slightly wide-eyed. 
"Not asking.  Don't want to know."  She thought about it and realized 
something.  "Oh, I'm going to find out anyway.  Damn."  She cast around 
for something to distract herself, settling on the lesser of two evils.  
"*Hey A.P.!*"
	"*Yaaaaagh!*" the Psycho-Maverick replied.  After a pause for 
recovery: "Oh!  Hey Purple Peril!"
	With great effort, Lynn forced herself to sound normal.  "We're 
running through the balcony scene!"
	"Okay!" he gleeped.  With one final look at Jane's smug face, 
Lynn walked off.
	Now even Jodie looked a bit worried.  "Um...what are you
planning?"
	"You'll see, my pretty," Jane almost cackled.  "You'll see."
	Jodie, by now, had a look on her face that asked, _What have 
I created?_

				      * * *

Later, Daria hammered on Casa Lane's front door.  After a moment, it 
opened, and a puzzled-looking Trent Lane peered out.  "Oh," he rasped.  
"Hey Daria."  He needed a moment to revive enough to be more coherent.  
"Um...Janey's not here.  She's still at the school.  She called about 
play sets or something."
	"Oh, actually," she replied, "I just wanted to talk to Lynn."  
A shrug.  "I was knocking so loud to make sure you could hear me over 
rehearsing."  After a moment, realization sank in.  "Only...you're not 
rehearsing, are you?"
	Sir Naps-a-Lot's confusion was all the answer she really needed.  
"Uh...no.  But the knocking did wake me up."
	_She's still trying to cover it up._  Another shrug.  "Okay.  
Thanks."  She turned to go.
	Trent started tuning in on his crush's words.  "Wait a minute, 
Daria."  She turned back.  "Who told you we were having a rehearsal
today?"
	"Lynn."
	Trent went thoughtful.  "Oh."  After some more thought, he spoke 
with a slight trepidation.  "Um...Lynn *is* okay, isn't she?"  He didn't 
notice Daria's slightly hurt look at that.  "She's been acting--"
	If this were a comic strip, Daria's word-balloon would have had 
little icicles hanging off the bottom of it.  "I know how she's been 
acting.  I see it more than you do."  She realized that could have come 
out better.  "I should go.  Things to do."
	Trent seemed bewildered, but said, "Oh.  Okay."
	Daria turned and walked away from him.  She got as far as the 
end of the walk before she stopped for a split-second, shaking her head 
in resigned dismay.  "Mr. Oblivious.  No kidding."  She walked off down 
Howard Drive.
	The look on Trent's face suggested that his brain had finally 
started firing on enough cylinders to register the anomalies in Daria's 
behavior and, more importantly, their meaning.  His eyes went big.  "I 
blew it again," he muttered.  After thinking some more, he added 
"*Damn!*" and kicked the door frame for emphasis.

				      * * *

It's kind of convenient now that, when Lynn is at the usual table in 
Biers, with the usual guy across from her, I no longer have to tiptoe 
around his identity.  She frowned suspiciously at Tom Sloane.  "You're 
only ever this easy on me when you have news."  She thought about it.  
"And it's not going to be news I like, if your face is any indication."  
She let *that* sink in.  "I'd spill it, if I were you."
	He sighed.  "Assignment."
	A blink.  "What part of `I don't want any part of this' is so 
hard to understand?"
	"Look, I don't like it any more than you do, but you're trained, 
you have built-in cover...you're ideal."  He let her weigh that, then 
added, "And I'm going with you."
	"`Built-in cover'?"  He just raised an eyebrow.  It sank in.  
"Oh no.  No *way.*  I had a hard enough time getting them to London.  
What does he expect -- a county-wide tour?"
	"You're missing a letter."
	She frowned for a moment, then got it.  "No."
	A nod.  "Your aunt's not as clueless as she looks."
	"Or sounds," said Lynn.  "Or acts.  Or the word from her multiple 
ex-boyfriends indicates."  A sigh.  "And I can't do a tour without help.  
Which means..."  She trailed off.  When she spoke again, it was with 
real fear in her voice.  "I've *got* to get out of this."  Tom shot her 
a reproachful look.  "Rust, listen to me.  They don't know *anything.*  
And I can't tell them.  Imagine the reaction...no, wait, you don't have 
to.  You *know.*"
	Tom sighed, remembering the way Jane had freaked when she found 
out about the vest and the heat.  "Yeah.  I know.  But..."
	The door opened and Oakwood's own Mara Fitzgerald stepped in.  
The bartender raised an eyebrow at the nympho-Goth, then turned to Lynn 
and Tom.
	Lynn just nodded with a resigned look.  "So much for a place 
where no one knows me."
	Mara spotted Lynn and headed over to the table, sitting down 
without waiting for an invitation.  She eyed Tom appraisingly for a 
moment -- and when I say "appraisingly," I mean in the sense of a farmer 
looking over livestock.  "Nice.  I see why you kicked geek-ball to the 
curb."
	"This is Rust.  We're not dating."  Something occurred to the 
Peril.  "You're not supposed to be in here."
	"And you *are?*"  A smirk.  "Hey, I'm a month your senior.  And 
you *know* I could party you under the table any day of the year."
	"That's never been proven..."  Lynn noticed the challenging look 
that came onto Mara's face at that.  "...and it isn't going to be proven 
today either.  Now what *are* you doing here?"
	"The Merc's outside; figured you were playing a gig or something. 
Wanted to talk to you."
	"What about?"
	"Well, you know Guy?  Our singer?"
	"Goat-boy.  What about him?"
	"He wants info on one of your friends."  Lynn raised an eyebrow.  
"Tall, pale, cas/Goth clothes, hair from the mixing-bowl-and-kitchen-
scissors school of hairdressing?"
	"Yeah, I know the one."
	"I want *details!*  Name, address, dating status, the works.  
He doesn't like to show stuff like that in front of a lot of people, 
but he thought she was *fine.*"
	"Wouldn't it be easier for me -- and better for my friend -- 
if I just let her know he's interested?  She knows him -- or at least, 
she knows *of* him.  She can make her own judgement calls."
	"That's just like you."  When this got no response: "Come on, 
do this for me.  We have *history.*"
	"This would technically be a favor for Goat-boy, with whom I 
have no history."
	"Look, when this guy pines for a girl, he screws up musically.  
Not if he's been dumped, not if he's dumped someone and not even when 
he's in a...thing..."
	"It's called a relationship.  Which you'd know about if you'd 
stayed with the same guy for more than three days running."
	"Whatever," Mara dismissed the notion with a wave of a hand.  
"But when he's pining over someone who doesn't know he's alive..."  She 
needed a moment to decide how best to summarize.  "He's screwing us up."
	"I will mention him to her.  You know where I can be reached.  
I'll let you know."  Mara just flashed a brief smile, then got up and 
walked out.  Lynn rolled her eyes in a sort of affectionate exasperation, 
then sobered her expression when she saw the pain on Tom's face.  "Sorry 
about that.  It was the only way to get her off my case."
	"It's okay," Tom lied like a rug.  A cheap rug.  After a pause 
for her to believe him or not: "Now, what do I have to do to make you 
take this?"
	"Put a gun to my head," came the immediate, firm reply.  The 
look on Tom's face suggested that he might do just that if necessary.  
Lynn, when she saw that, looked scared -- and a bit resigned.


ACT 2: IN YOUR ROOM

Later, in her dark and mysterious room, Lynn was sprawled across the 
bed on her stomach, reading a script with real feeling.  "`Oh, Romeo, 
Romeo; wherefore art thou Romeo?
	Deny thy father, and refuse thy name
	Or, if thou wilt not, be but sworn, my love
	And I'll no longer be a Capulet.'"
	"`Shall I hear more...'"
	Lynn screamed and pulled something out from the pillow she was 
leaning on.  To her visitor/interlocutor, A.P., it almost looked like 
a gun before she pushed it back under the pillow upon seeing that it 
was a very shaken McIntyre looking at her through the window.  "God 
*damn* it, Maverick!" she said breathlessly.  "*Warn* a body!"
	"Hey ho, Purple Peril," came his cautious reply.  He thought 
a moment, then suspicion set in and he asked, "Uh...what'd you flash 
at me?"  After studying her for a long moment, he added, "Y'know, I don't 
think I want to know."  He finished climbing in.  "Sheesh, Purple Peril, 
you should be used to this.  I've only been coming in like this for eight 
years."
	"That was *before* the security precautions."
	"Oh, wanted to talk to you about those.  Anti-climb paint?  
*Very* easy to neutralize.  And a pair of pliers deals with the staples.  
You want to use something more permanent.  Saw about three-quarters of 
the way through some of the supports on the trellis, then paint over 
the cracks.  Anyone trying to climb *that* falls seven-ten feet onto 
the lawn.  No splat, but--"
	"You wanted something...?" Lynn interrupted.
	"Oh," he nervously allowed as.  "Yeah.  Lines."  He thought on 
that.  "But I like talking about your new booby traps a *lot* better, 
so maybe we..."  Lynn waved a script at him sternly, and he sighed and 
produced his own.
	"Okay, let's take it from...Oh, we did the balcony this afternoon 
and if we do the ballroom scene once more I'm gonna yack."
	"Um..."  _Can't believe I'm saying this._  "The m-morning-after 
lines?"
	"oh."  She sounded ever so slightly strangled.  "yeah.  we *have* 
been neglecting them, haven't we."  They flipped through the scripts, 
found their respective places...then just stood there looking at each 
other for a moment.  Finally, Lynn sighed and led off.  "`Wilt thou be 
gone?  It is not yet near day.
	It was the nightingale, and not the lark
	that pierced the fearful hollow of thine ear.
	Nightly she sings on yon pomegranate tree.
	Believe me, love, it was the nightingale.'"
	A sigh.  "`It was the lark; the herald of the morn...'"  A.P. 
burst out laughing.  "I can't *do* this, Purple Peril!"
	A different kind of sigh.  "Look.  Didn't we sometimes run around 
pretending that we were movie characters?"
	A raised eyebrow.  "That was a long time ago."  He remembered 
for a moment.  "And I got to be Luke Skywalker.  It's *easy* being your 
sister."
	Lynn stifled another sigh of the same type as her last one.  
"Well, it's the same thing.  Just in front of people who are specifically 
there to watch us pretend."  She paused to let comprehension happen if 
it was going to.  "Look, let's skip the lark and the nightingale and 
the bloody pomegranate and go from..."  She leafed through her script 
a moment, then sank into character.  "`Therefore, stay yet; thou needs 
not be gone.'"
	"`Let me be taken,'" said "Romeo" with a mad grin; "`let me be 
put to death;
	I am content, so thou wilt have it so!'"  He let that hang, then 
tenderly added, "`I have more care to stay than will to go.'"  Another 
pause, then, with teasing abandon, "`Come, Death, and welcome!  Juliet 
wills it so!'"  Tenderly again: "`How is't, my soul?  Let's talk; it 
is not day.'"
	"Juliet" sighed, then quietly admitted, "`It is.'"  She paused 
a moment, then repeated, "`It is.'"  The words came out like pulling 
teeth.  "`Hie hence; be gone; away.
	It was the lark that sings so out of tune
	Straining harsh discords and unpleasing sharps.'"  Another 
pause.  "`Oh now, be gone; more light and light it grows...'"
	"`More light and light,'" he miserably confirmed, adding, "`more 
dark and dark our woes.'"
	They'd just about forgotten that this was going to be a play, 
filling in the Nurse's lines from memory.
	"`Then, window,'" Lynn said, voice trembling, "`let day in...
and let love out.'"
	"`Farewell.'"  A beat.  "`One kiss and I'll descend.'"
	They all but leaped into each other's arms.  The result was the 
sort of kiss where, if this were a movie, the "Love Theme" from Felix 
Mendelsohn's operatic version of the star-crossed lovers would swell 
in the background as the two romanticks tried to suck each other's 
tonsils out.  It made the one between Rhett and Scarlett on the road 
to Tara look chaste.  Then they sprang apart, looking really flustered, 
and started talking over each other, each oblivious to the other's 
reaction.
	"Um...I don't think we were supposed to pull away so fast..."
	"Drowning people hanging onto the life preservers, sort of?"
	"That was the stage direction, but..."
	"Maybe we don't have to go through that right now.  Um...I think 
we..."  _Think fast, Maverick._  "Shoot!  I think I left the Bunsen 
burner on! There's gonna..."
	"I don't need to know; just..."
	"Yeah, but we'll..."
	"Yeah, of course.  Later."  A.P. nearly jumped out the window.  
Lynn looked at the casement for a moment, then sat heavily on the bed.  
"Crap," she observed, and after a pause added, "Crap."

				      * * *

Daria was sitting across from Jane in their usual booth at Pizza King.  
Jane was sketching madly while Daria stared blankly at empty space.  
Eventually, she noticed the sketching and looked at the half-finished 
work.  When she saw it, she raised an eyebrow and nearly smiled.  "Lynn 
and A.P.'ll love that."  She realized something, and her eyes widened 
a little.  "*You're* going to love *that* one, you sick--"
	"Disturb not the working muse..." Jane loftily replied.
	A sigh.  "Do you really think O'Neill will *go* for any of this 
stuff?"
	"Sure.  He has two weeks to get low-budget set and costumes 
together.  He's too desperate to turn his nose up at something *this* 
tame."
	Daria practically did an anime-style facefault at that.  "*Tame?*"
	Lynn entered, carrying books, and slid into the booth next to 
Daria, who glared at her.
	"Yo, Lynn."
	"Hey."
	Lynn went slightly defensive at the frost she detected in her 
sister's tone.  "What?"
	It came out as an accusation.  "You had a rehearsal last night?"
	Lynn picked up on Daria's meaning.  "Okay, okay, I thought you'd 
worry if I told you, I apologize for lying, mea culpa, mea culpa.  Now 
can I ask Jane a question?"
	"Shoot," Jane replied, ignoring Daria's glare.
	"Remember Goat-boy?"
	"The guy with the blue hair and the sneer?"
	"The very same.  He has the hots for you and Mara is...nudging 
me to arrange an introduction."
	A wry grin.  "And welcome to the Yenta game!  Isn't it fun?"
	"As a sucking chest wound.  Now just tell me no so we can get 
on to further business."
	"Actually...why not?"
	In utter shock, not to mention their recurrent unison, the Smythe 
girls blurted, "*Excuse me?*"
	"Was there extra garlic on that thing?" Lynn added.  "If so, 
was it blue?  One time A.P. got blue garlic on one of his 'pizzas' and...
well, he spent about three minutes thinking he was a lemming."  That 
got aquatic looks from the other two.  "I locked all the doors, kept 
him from climbing too high and let him jump off the coffee table a few 
times."  They were still staring.  "Mom was in Albuquerque."
	"Look, unlike *you* two, *I* haven't had a real date since..."  
Jane shot a sidelong glance at Lynn.
	"Since Tom.  You *can* say the name, you know."
	"Fine, whatever, since Tom.  And maybe this Goat-boy..."
	"If you're going to date the guy," Daria suggested, "call him 
by his right name."  She realized her memory needed refreshing.  "What 
*is* his right name?"
	Lynn started flipping through Jane's sketchpad.  "Guy."
	"Nicely anonymous," Daria mused, "for someone with blue hair 
and a voice like a chronic sinusitis sufferer."
	"*Anyway,*" Jane interjected, "this Guy could be my next great 
romance!"
	Daria was skeptical.  "How many great romances *have* you had, 
Jane?"
	"Well, I..."  She trailed off.  After a moment: "Well, there 
must have been *some!*"
	"Tom, Bobby Bighead," Lynn rattled off, still looking at the 
sketches, "Evan who you probably never touched, and a still-burning lust 
for Jesse even though you think he's as thick as elephant crap.  What 
are these?"  She brandished the sketchpad.
	Jane took it back and flipped a couple of pages, showing a 
drawing.  "That's you and A.P.  In the ballroom scene."
	Lynn looked at it.  Then she looked at Jane.  Then she asked, 
"Have you drawn these costumes without the...interaction?"
	"Yeah, but--"
	Lynn grabbed the pad back again, ripped out the page in question, 
none-too-gently folded it in half, and crammed it between the pages of 
one of her books.  Jane scowled.  Daria craned to see.  "Now are there 
any other..."  Before Jane could answer or reclaim the sketchbook, Lynn 
started leafing through it.  She took another sheet out and gave it the 
same cramming treatment as before...and a few pages later, there was 
one that she tore out and just crumpled, not even bothering with the 
book.  She looked at Jane.  "I'm going to have to *burn* that one.  How 
did you ever get that much detail?"
	A shrug.  "I guessed?"  Lynn gave her a hard look.  "All right, 
all right, I've seen you in the gym showers and have a really visual 
memory, okay?"
	"Only my *parents* know about that birthmark, Jane."  After a 
pause, she asked, sounding curious, "And...A.P....?"
	"All imagination," came the sly reply; "sorry.  Did I miss any 
detail?"
	"I wouldn't know.  We were more into Swords and Sorcerers than 
Doctors and Nurses.  Anyway, you want a time and a place for this date 
with Goat-boy?"
	"Ah, send him to Pizza King.  Friday?  Eight?"
	A shrug.  "Whatever you say."  She thought of something.  "But 
be careful around the guy, Jane.  He's not exactly known for mental 
stability."
	Daria raised an eyebrow.  "Never bothered her before..."  Jane 
glared at Daria, who just smirked a little.

				      * * *

Later, Lynn was in Biers, absently chucking her knife at the dartboard, 
when Mara entered and shot the barman a "toss me out and feel my wrath" 
sort of look.  The barman looked distinctly unimpressed, but Lynn gave 
him a "you want to mess with *me?*" look, and he backed down.
	Mara looked at Lynn with something approaching respect.  "What, 
daddy departed own the place?"
	Lynn shrugged.  "I don't know if I'd tell you even if it *was* 
your business.  Now Jane's agreed Friday, eight, Pizza King."
	Mara pulled a yuck-face.  "How do you eat that stuff, anyway?"
	"You got a bad batch.  Sometimes they add another quart of grease 
to the pizza recipe, just to keep things interesting."
	"Whatever."  She had a thought.  "So what's she like?  To tell 
Guy."
	"Artist.  A bit...smirky.  I think they'll get on like a house 
afire."
	A grin.  "Really?"
	"Yeah.  Leaping flames, screaming victims, emergency services 
being called in from every direction..."
	Mara smirked at that Pratchett-ism.  "You haven't changed at 
all, have you?"  Lynn shrugged.  "Now, there was *one* other thing I 
wanted to ask.  Your friend Rust--"
	"No," Lynn replied, knowing right away where this could only 
be going.
	"But *Lynn*..."
	"Trust me, you wouldn't want to."
	"But he's *fine!*"
	"Give me awhile and I'll set you up with Leather-boy."
	A lecherous little smirk.  "We-ell...that *is* tempting...but 
Rust is *so* much more sophisticated about it."
	"Believe me.  More trouble than it's worth."
	Mara looked like she wanted to keep teasing, but something in 
Lynn's face must have told her what a bad idea that would be.  "And 
you're not dating him."  Lynn shook her head.  "And none of your friends 
are dating him."  Another headshake.  "And you can fix me up with Leather-
boy?"  A nod and a smirk.  "All right, keep your cutie.  I'm gonna go 
call Guy; he'll be stoked."
	"*Stoked?*"
	"Watched _Heathers_ last night."
	Lynn conceded the concept with a nod.  "Give my regard to Goat-
boy."
	Mara smirked at her and left.
	Lynn looked at the knife in her hand, shrugged, then hurled it 
at the target.  Bullseye.


ACT 3: NOTHING ELSE MATTERS

Janewalked into Pizza King and saw a blue-haired figure that had to be 
Guy, sitting in one of the booths.  His normally sullen face lit up a 
little when he saw her, and she gave an almost imperceptible shrug and 
sat down.
	"Hey," he said, not *quite* sneering.  "Jane, right?"
	"Uh-huh.  And you're Guy.  Yo."
	Dead silence.
	"Uh...order?"
	"Good idea."  Each could see the "maybe this wasn't such a good 
idea" look on the other's face.

				      * * *

Lynn thumped down the stairs into the basement of Casa Lane and saw Trent 
sitting on a rickety stool in the corner, strumming out chords nearly 
at random.  She rolled her eyes, knowing full well what this must mean.  
"What did you do?"
	Since he didn't have other music playing, or headphones on, Trent 
actually heard her this time, without her having to unplug anything, 
and his chords came to a crashing halt.  "Huh?"
	"The aimless strumming and the kicked dog look on your face 
suggest that you've made yet another spirited attempt to gag yourself 
with your steel-toes as regards the object of your affections."  She 
let him wend his way through that sentence, then asked, "What'd you do?"
	"Ever have one of those moments when you felt -- you really, 
*really* felt -- that if you'd just known right at that second what you 
figured out three seconds later, things could have been perfect?"
	"Yep," came the sad reply.
	"Well, that."
	A sigh.  "Oh."  Pause to consider pick-me-ups.  "Good lyrics 
could come out of that."
	"Not in the mood."
	"Jangle out `Nothing Else Matters' and let me sing along because 
you can't hold most of the notes?" Lynn snarked.
	It was only slight sarcasm, which explains why Trent missed it 
completely.  "That sounds cool.  Thanks, Lynn."
	Lynn shook her head softly, but when he started playing the 
opening chords, she straightened herself up in preparation to do just 
what she'd inadvertently suggested.

				      * * *

A good ways across town, Daria heard the doorbell ringing, walked into 
the front hall, and opened the door...to find Tom standing on the other 
side of it, a nervous sort of look on his face.  Her eyes went wide.  
"What are *you* doing here?" she blurted before she could stop herself.
	"I wanted to talk to you."  There was a pause while she did not 
*verbally* ask _About what?_, but her bearing must have made that message 
clear.  "About Jane.  And you.  And the other one."
	"You can talk to Lynn about me, Jane and the other one."
	"No I can't.  She's at a lyric-brainstorming session with Trent." 
He let her chew on that.  "Anyway, she thinks what happened between Jane 
and I was all for the best.  I need to talk to someone who might be at 
least a little more sympathetic."
	Daria nodded, caught by her curiosity.  "But I'm still not riding 
in that car."
	"Still with the common sense.  Walk with me?"  She hesitated.  
"You'll at least be safe from muggers with me around."
	That reminder served only to make her glare at him, but she still 
followed him outside and down the street.
	After they'd been walking for a while: "So talk.  Again."
	"Listen, I did and still do really like Jane.  But I'm fairly 
realistic; I know she probably has some ideas about me because of what 
she saw on our last date..."
	"Actually, most of her dates wear Kevlar nowadays.  It cuts down 
on the scars on their backs later on in the proceedings."
	Tom raised an eyebrow.  "Really?"
	A shrug.  "No.  Just wanted to give you a moment's pause."
	"Hmm.  Good one," he allowed as, in a slightly grudging way, 
then paused to weigh his words.  "This is probably something you won't 
want to answer, but I kind of need to know -- how much do you and your 
friends hate me?"
	"I *still* don't hate you.  I still don't even *know* you.  But 
first you screw up my relationship with Jane -- however briefly -- and 
now I..."
	A sigh.  "And now you finally find a sister you could live with 
being related to and I'm taking her away from you too."  Daria's utter 
incredulity must have shown on her face.  "Don't you think I've heard 
that often enough from the other side?"
	_At what point did I lose control?_  "She...She said..."  _Okay, 
had just about enough of this..._  "Start at the beginning -- what...
the hell...is going on?"
	"You wouldn't be impressed if I said I couldn't tell you all 
of it?"
	"How did you get involved with her?  As much as you can without
...without doing whatever it is you're so afraid of doing."
	"It was a set-up.  A family thing."  Daria gave him another of 
those stares.  "Look, my dad has wanted some firmer connections with 
the Smythe family for years.  Uncle Adam works really closely with the 
Smythes but Dad never got...onto the board, if you see what I mean.  
But because we live here, when Lynn got attacked, Mr. Smythe thought 
that I would be ideal for..."
	"A guard dog?" Daria snarked.
	Another sigh.  "Woof."  She might not know him, but he obviously 
knew her well enough to distinguish her complete lack of amusement from 
her usual flat stare.  "Okay, so it was pathetic."
	"That just about covers it."  She thought carefully before asking 
the next question.  "So what are you protecting her *from?*"
	"That I can't say."
	"Jerome told you not to?"
	"*Lynn* told me not to."
	_Okaaay..._  "Why did it have to be *you?*"
	"Around that time, we were finding out that there was another 
Smythe.  And that I knew her and her friend.  Dad and Mr. Smythe thought 
it might be easier if I was..."
	Daria nodded slightly.  "I think I see what you mean.  And now 
you want to know how much we hate you because..."
	"You can make it easier for me.  Or you can make it harder.  
And I'd at least like to know which it is."
	Daria looked at him, weighing the pros and cons of having this...
person...back in her life and the lives of her friends.  Tom watched 
her gravely.

				      * * *

Jane and Guy were sitting across from each other, picking at their pizza, 
not talking.  I'd say the conversation was dead, but that would require 
it to have been alive at some point.  Suddenly, Jane got that *ping* 
look that can only mean the impact of sudden inspiration and dove for 
a sketchpad.
	This caused Guy to blink almost audibly.  "What?"
	"Sorry," came the distracted reply; "working on the set and 
costume design for school play.  Got an idea.  Got to get it down on 
paper before it--"
	" ...gets away.  I hear that."
	Jane kept sketching, but an eyebrow raised in interest.  "You 
push the paint around?"
	"Nah.  But lyrics are like that."
	"Yeah, that's what Daria and Lynn say about writing.  But I don't 
see how it's the same, most of the time.  I mean, it's creativity, but..."
	"...It's got more and less to do with boundaries all at the same 
time."
	That actually made her look up.

				      * * *

The next day in the hall, she showed the resulting sketches to the other 
Jacketeers.  Lynn looked at a sheet of paper speculatively.  A.P. gawked 
over her shoulder with a grin.  Daria, standing off to one side, looked 
indulgent.
	"Cyberpunks and Anne-Rice-style Mopeygoths?" Lynn wondered.
	"Why not?" Jane defiantly replied.  "They obviously don't mix; 
it's really visually powerful stuff.  And the Cyberpunk look will suit 
A.P.'s personality."
	He grinned at that.  "Hey!  This could be cooler than I thought!" 
He stopped and thought of something.  "You *are* going to let me rig 
the lighting for this ballroom scene, right?"
	"Could I do it without you?"
	He just grinned.
	Daria shrugged.  "Plain black velvet dress."  She paused.  "I 
guess I can cancel that tombstone order now, Jane."
	"Dammit," Jane feigned disappointment; "I always wanted to read 
my own epigraph."
	Lynn didn't correct the malapropism.  "So that reminds me; how 
was the date with Goat-boy?"
	"We're gonna try another one."  That got looks from the others.  
"Yeah, fine, it was *mostly* death but at least we found common ground 
somewhere."
	"Be it ever so tenuous..." Daria muttered.
	A derisive snort.  "Who went out with A.P. for six *months* just 
because she happened to find him cute?"  Daria, A.P. and Lynn all glared 
at Jane until she took the hint.  "Anyway, I'm not saying it's true 
love."  She thought about that.  "Hell, I'm not even saying it's 
approaching *like.*  But he's...interesting.  In an abrasive, go-to-hell-
I-don't-like-your-face sort of way."
	"If you like that sort of thing..." Lynn observed.
	"You *are* that sort of thing," Daria reminded her sister.
	The bell rang, and Lynn handed the paper she was holding over 
to Jane, who accepted it and asked, "Pizza?"
	"Can it wait until six-thirty?" Lynn asked.  "I have--"
	"I think we get the idea, Lynn," Daria kindly intervened.  "Say 
hi to Rust."  And, with Jane, Lynn and A.P. staring at her, she walked 
off.
	Jane recovered first and jogged after her.  When she caught up, 
which didn't take long at all, she asked, "What the hell was *that* all 
about?"
	"Leading by example."  She weighed her next words very carefully 
indeed.  "I know you're freaked, but be nice to him."  That still met 
with a landed-fish gape.  "You maybe get the feeling Lynn's in trouble?"  
Jane nodded, still not very clear on where this was going.  "Wouldn't 
it be nice to have that gun you saw in his glove compartment between 
her and that trouble?"
	Jane stopped moving to consider this, letting Daria outdistance 
her.  Then she nodded, but by this time A.P. had caught up with her.  
"The *hell?*" he boggled.
	Jane just shrugged.  "We're being nice to the guy."  And, leaving 
a flummoxed A.P. in her wake, she walked away.


ADAPTOR'S NOTES
	It *was* a malapropism.  Jane was thinking of an epi*taph.*  
But let it stand; why should Quinn and A.P. do all the language abuse 
around her?
	Obligatory legal blap: Daria Morgendorffer was created (as were 
the rest of the Lawndale characters) by Glenn Eichler and Susie Lewis 
Lynn, and she and her neighbors are copyright 1993, 1997, 2000 MTV 
Networks, a Viacom company.  (As Michelle Klein-Haess has pointed out, 
work-for-hire sucks the yolks from ostrich eggs.)  Monty Python quotes 
and characters are copright 1970, 2000 Python (Monty) Pictures Ltd.  
They are here used, without the permission of their creators or owners, 
in the not-for-profit context of fan-fiction.  The characters of Lynn 
Cullen and A.P. McIntyre, and the modifications to the existing character 
of Tom Sloane, are copyright 1999, 2000 Janet "Canadibrit" Neilson, as 
is this storyline, which was adapted by Austin Loomis (to whom the prose 
format version is copyright 2000) with permission.
	All other characters, locations and incidents (of which I don't 
think there are any, actually) are either imaginary or used fictitiously. 
Any coincidence of names is regretted, and any resemblance to persons 
living, dead, undead, or wandering the night in ghostly torment is either 
purely satirical or not my fault.
	As a "substantially transformative" derivative work, this story 
is protected by the Supreme Court's decision in re Campbell v. Acuff 
Rose Music.  It may be freely redistributed as long as this copyright 
notice is maintained intact, but may not be in any way redistributed 
for profit without the permission of the legal owners of all concepts 
involved.  The present author hereby gives permission for any and all 
keepers of Daria fanfic pages to archive this work (as if I could stop 
them).  Any publication of this story for profit without the express 
written permission of Austin Loomis, Janet Neilson and MTV Networks (like 
any of that'll happen, especially the last) is strictly prohibited, and 
violators, if I ever decide to track them down, will be strung up by 
the thumbs, beaten about the head and shoulders with a free-range carrot, 
and then handed over to corporate lawyers who will do terrible things 
to them.  On purpose.

Austin, and good day.
Al D T0 W- Q Fw^Fr
O+ Ow+OH+Of m c- MV+
F:111,208,313 BB+ FCT -DT+ q fJ^fj^fD
