_The Look-Alike Series_
Daria fan fiction by Canadibrit
Season 3, episode 7: "Thrash of the Titans"
prose adaptation by Austin Loomis

ACT 1: THE RETURN OF THE WHITE PAWS

Up to now, we haven't seen the outside of the bar where Lynn Cullen has 
been meeting the young man she calls "Rust."  In retrospect, that was 
probably just as well.  It's as grubby a place on the outside as within; 
the most prominent elements of its exterior design are scarred woodwork 
and graffiti.  I'm told it's called "Biers," probably in honor of a 
similar place frequented by Ankh-Morpork's necro-animate and Uberwaldian 
communities (and other sorts who don't really fit even into the rather 
stretchy social fabric of the Disc), but if there is or was a sign up 
with the name, I blinked and missed it.
	On the night I speak of, Lynn's Mercedes was parked outside, 
looking somewhat -- okay, several somewhats -- out of place.  It was 
still daylight, but only just.  It was quiet out, until Lynn's voice 
shook the walls.  "Oh, *crap,* I'm late!"  Inside, she began stuffing 
the knife down the side of one boot, throwing books into her bag, and 
generally making hectic leaving preparations.
	"You gotta give this crap up, Cullen," her host informed her.  
"You haven't got the time..."
	She paused in her frenzy just long enough to glare at him.  
"Telling me how to live my life is not your job, Rust.  Don't overstep 
yourself."
	This led to a short pause.
	"Tomorrow.  Same time."
	Lynn didn't dignify that with a reply; she just shouldered her 
bag and exited at a not-quite-run.

				      * * *

A good ways away, in the basement of 111 Howard Drive, Trent Lane was 
tuning his guitar in an absent sort of way, as if his mind were rather 
elsewhere.  Jesse Moreno was plucking away at his own axe.  Bass player 
and papa-bear Nick Campbell was poking at the inside of an amp, and Max 
Tyler was trying -- and failing -- to learn how to twirl a drumstick 
between his fingers.
	"Man, what did you *do* to this thing?" Nick blurted.  "I mean, 
it was a nice try putting it back together again, but the wiring's all 
bass-ackwards!"
	"Don't talk to me," Trent rasped.  "Talk to Lynn."
	"Can't," Jesse observed coolly.  "She's not here yet."
	"She's never late!" Max blurted.  "I mean...what, you think she 
met a guy or something?  I mean, girls don't talk about stuff like that 
to guys. It's a thing."
	"Maybe she's losing interest.  Y'know.  In the band."
	Trent, Nick and Max all looked at Jesse.  He shrugged, and they 
went back to what they were doing.
	"We can't let that happen, man," Nick insisted.  "I mean, we'd 
fall apart now.  We've built all the new songs around her singing!"
	"I don't think she's losing interest," Trent assured him.  "She 
wouldn't just back off without saying anything.  And anyway, I think 
it's a little early to say anything's wrong.  She's been late *once.*"  
He let that point sink in, then added, "Go easy on her, Nick.  She was 
in the hospital not long ago.  That's bound to mess her up."
	"All the same...maybe we should come up with something to pull 
her back in a hundred percent.  Something that we can *all* sink our 
teeth into.  Just plain gigging's getting old."
	Max chuckled.  "I guess touring London spoiled us, man."
	The door opened and Lynn came careening down the stairs, looking 
flustered.  "Sorry.  There was a hold-up."
	"It's okay," Trent allowed as.  "We ready to start?"
	"Yeah; just give me a second to catch my breath."
	"Hey, Lynn," Nick led off, a little too casual, "you're still 
into the band, right?"
	"Excuse me?"
	"Nick..." Trent warned.
	"It's just...you're late," Nick carried on regardless.  "It's 
not like you."
	Lynn started snapping then.  "Nick, if I wasn't interested in 
singing for Mystik Spiral, the first thing I would do is tell you all 
where to stick it.  Please stop jumping to asinine conclusions just 
because, for the first time I can recall, I'm fifteen minutes late for 
a rehearsal."  She let that sink in, then added, "Now are we starting 
or not?"
	They looked at her and decided it would be dangerous to push 
the issue.  Nick picked up his bass, and Max got a firm grip on his 
sticks.
	"What's for warm-up?" Trent asked.  "Cover or original?"
	"Cover," Jesse replied.  He waited for objections, then asked, 
"Alice in Chains?"
	"Metallica," Lynn countered.
	"`Of Wolf and Man'?" Max suggested.
	"`Sad But True'!" Nick answered.
	"Hit it, gentlemen!" Lynn commanded, and they slammed into the 
opening riffs, their technique much improved since she'd become a part 
of the act.

				      * * *

Later, in her dark and mysterious room over at 15 Glenview Road, Lynn 
was sprawled out on her bed, reading _A Snitch in Time: the Informant's 
Market_ and making extensive notes on a pad next to her.  Daria Elizabeth 
Morgendorffer, her look-alike and half-sister, was logged onto Lynn's 
computer.  She looked up at Lynn with a suspicious expression on her 
face, one that said _I will beat answers out of you if I must._  "Lynn..."
	Lynn was lost in her study.  "Hmm?"
	As if on cue, the phone rang.  Daria sighed with exasperation.  
Every time she tried to ask Lynn what the deal was with their father, 
Jerome Peregrine Smythe, something happened to defer the issue; frankly, 
the gag was starting to get old.  Lynn wasn't moving to pick it up, so 
Daria assumed responsibility.  "Cullen residence."
	An overexcited voice spilled from the receiver.  "Hey, Lynn!  
We got *great* news!  We--"
	"*No,* Nick," she cut in.  "This is *Daria.*  Hang on."  She held 
out the phone.  "Nick Campbell.  On speed, apparently."
	Lynn raised an eyebrow and took the phone.  "Cullen. -- Yes. 
-- Whoa, whoa, whoa; slow down. -- No, *little* slower than that, Nick."  
An actual pause that time.  "Okaaay..."  Another proper pause.  "I see. 
-- Well, yeah; it sounds interesting. -- I *told* you, I *am* still 
interested.  If this is the only reason...Okay, okay, okay.  Yes, I'm 
happy, go on and sign us up. -- I will do my utmost to be on time.  
Adios."  She hung up.  "God, you're late *once* and they hold it against 
you for the rest of your miserable life."
	"Satisfy my curiosity.  What was he babbling about?"
	"A Battle of the Bands."
	"They actually *have* those?"
	"Apparently.  Max tripped over it. -- Well, actually, according 
to Nick, he tripped over a paving slab and fell face-first onto a flyer 
stuck to the sidewalk with a wad of chewing gum."
	"He gave you all that detail?"
	"The only person who can talk faster than Nick when he's excited 
is A.P. when he's scared out of his mind.  Anyway, Nick called everyone 
from the nearest bar and so he's signing us up and we're up in two days." 
She looked at her watch.  "Which means that I have to be at rehearsal 
*now.*  Sorry to kick you off the machine, but..."
	"It's okay."  As she logged off, Daria thought, _At least I know 
where you're going to *be* this time..._

				      * * *

Daria and her artist friend Jane Lane were on one side of the gang's 
usual booth at Pizza King, with Andrew Philip McIntyre alone across from 
them.  "Battle of the *Bands*?" A.P. boggled.  "I thought that only 
happened in teenybopper sitcoms!"
	"And Lawndale is sort of teenybopper sitcom-ville," Jane pointed 
out.  "So are we surprised?"
	A.P. mulled this over a moment and couldn't find anything wrong 
with Jane's logic.  "Point, I guess. -- Sheesh.  This is getting stupid.  
I mean, no *wonder* Purple Peril's never around after school anymore.  
Band rehearsal, homework, writing...if it wasn't for the damn play, I 
wouldn't see her after school at *all.*"
	"Yeah, I guess she *is* taking a lot on," Daria admitted, a bit 
sheepishly.
	"Problem, Daria?" Jane wondered.
	"I just..."  A sigh.  "I'm just a suspicious idiot, don't mind 
me."
	"Well, I for one don't blame you for being suspicious," A.P. 
stubbornly clung to the topic Daria was trying to abandon.  "I mean, 
fine, the crossbow.  Deadly, yeah, but high reload time lowers the body 
count.  Knives?  Well, you can only use it once at long range but if 
you've got more than one..."  The looks on their faces must have told 
him to let go, so he did with a sigh.  "Oh, fine, spoil my fun.  The 
one thing I can talk about without screwing up the language and you won't 
let me."
	Just then, a short, wispy little Goth-chick the girls were almost 
sure they recognized from *somewhere* came barging through the door.  
A.P. looked over her way, and his eyes went wide.  He ducked under the 
table, leaving Daria and Jane to stare at the spot where he had been 
sitting.  Daria peered down at him.  "A.P.?"
	"Keep it *down!*" came the reply from beneath.  "She doesn't 
like me very much!"
	"Y'know," Jane mused, "she looks like how you described..."
	"Mara Fitzgerald, yeah, I know, now will you pretend I'm not 
here?"  After a moment, he seemed to realize something, judging from 
the panicked way he added, "Oh crap..." just before he grabbed Daria 
by the front of her mustard-colored T-shirt and yanked *her* under the 
table as well, an instant before the Goth-chick looked their way.  
	Daria stared at him.  "What the hell...?"
	"She's not gonna wait the five-ten seconds it takes to tell you 
and Purple Peril apart, trust me!  So if you don't want to eat your own 
nose in a few seconds, sit down...and shut up!"
	Mara, for it was indeed she, found whom she was looking for in 
the booth next to the gang's -- a very tall, very pale, very skinny guy 
with very blue hair.  She sat across from him, and before too long, they 
were both joined by a stocky blond guy who could have been either Casey 
Wright, the fourth original Back-Alley Name Dropper, or Oakwood school 
bully Chris Hutchins, though the nearly unintelligible grunt of "Mara.  
Guy," seemed to argue more for the former.
	"So what's the verdict?" replied the guy he'd called Guy.  "Do 
we have any real competition?"
	"Ironically, yes," Mara answered him.  "Mystik freakin' Spiral, 
of all people!"
	That elicited a chuckle.  "You're kidding.  I saw them once; 
the guy does birthday ballads to his *sister!*  That's *death!*"  Under 
the table, Jane suppressed a snarl, poorly.  "If he's fronting..."
	"That's just it; he's not.  They got a new singer awhile back.  
Didn't get a name, but apparently she kicks."
	"Well...that's only one real worry out of a heat of twelve.  
What the hell?"  He looked at the pizza.  "God-damn!  What do they do, 
pour grease on afterwards or what?  C'mon.  Let's hit the Tower."  And 
with that, exebant the Oakwood contingent.  Daria clambered out from 
under the table, followed by the wide-eyed A.P.
	"Sounds like Lynn's gonna meet up with some old friends this 
week," Jane noted.
	"Eee," A.P. allowed as.
	"Maybe we should warn her what she's up against," Daria offered.  
"Forewarned is forearmed, after all."
	"Eee."
	"Wouldn't it be more fun to let her be surprised?" Jane wondered.
	"Eee."
	Daria shook her head.  "She hasn't been taking to surprises very 
well lately and if you say `Eee' one more time, A.P., it will go hard 
with you."
	A.P. clapped a hand over his mouth.  Daria and Jane just looked 
at him, then pondered the whole situation.


ACT 2: SILVER

So this misery chick walked into a bar, dropped her bag on a pool table 
and just stood there, hands on hips, all arrogance, saying "I know, I 
know."
	"Shall we get you on time management courses?" Rust suggested.  
"Or just get you to give up that stupid band?"
	"You sound like my mother."
	"Ow.  From you, that's a killing insult."  He let her consider 
that a moment, then added, "I'm serious, Cullen."
	"So am I.  But anyway, that's not the point.  People are starting 
to get suspicious, Rust.  You're going to have to let up or let them 
find out."
	A moment of silence greeted this suggestion.
	Rust broke it with a sigh.  "You're good.  You're *damn* good."
	A smirk.  "Good genetics and expert tutelage will do that."
	"Flattery will get you...a step-up in the weaponry stakes."
	Lynn quirked an interested eyebrow.

				      * * *

The next morning at Lawndale High found Lynn at her locker, looking a 
little weary.  She rubbed at one of her ears as A.P. approached in a 
severe panic; Daria and Jane tailed along behind him, looking amused.  
Lynn caught sight of A.P. out of the corner of her eye as he approached 
and gave a nod of acknowledgement.
	A.P. then grabbed her by the lapels and pulled her forward until 
they were almost nose to nose.  In full speed-rant mode, he rattled, 
"Thebackalleynamedroppersaryourcompetitionforthebattleothebands -- mara
ancaseyangoatboyanthey'regonnabe*so*pissedwhentheyfindoutyoujoinedanother
band..."  He stopped in his tracks as if noticing something (anomalous 
behavior though that be for a Psycho-Maverick), sniffed the air as if 
to confirm, then continued at normal speed.  "Um...Purple Peril?  Why 
do you reek of gunpowder?"
	Lynn had been made somewhat nervous by the grabbing, the speed-
rant and the sudden interrogation.  That's the only excuse for her coming 
up with such a bald and unconvincing narrative.  "Um...trying to get 
some pyro effects going for the band.  Didn't work -- I'm lucky to still 
have my eyebrows."
	Daria looked utterly disbelieving.  Even Jane looked doubtful.
	A.P., however, only looked a bit hurt.  "*You?*  But you don't 
*do* that kind of thing!  You couldn't ask me for help?"
	"You're busy enough with play lines."  She thought about new 
tactics a moment.  "Um...disengage tractor beam?"  A.P. looked down at 
his hands, then up into Lynn's face.  Then he let go and turned away 
*very* quickly, blushing maroon.  "Now what's this about Mara and Casey?"
	That calmed A.P. down.  "Oh.  Yeah.  Um...they crashed Pizza 
King."
	Jane seemed amused.  "You should have seen him.  His eyes went 
so big he looked like an anime character!  Then he dragged Daria under 
the table by the bra!"  She noticed a very brief depressed look on Lynn's 
face.  "Um..."
	"Shut up, Art-Smart Scarlet!  There's *history* here!"  After 
letting that sink in, he turned back to the Peril.  "They don't know 
you're leading Neo-Grunge Earache yet.  When Mara finds out..."
	"I can handle Mara," Lynn replied grimly.  Daria raised a 
suspicious eyebrow, but opted not to comment.  "What about Goat-boy?"
	"You remember that really tall kid who failed about two grades 
because he kept filling in answers on tests with really graphic ways 
that the teacher grading it should screw goats?"
	Daria and Jane got _What the *hell?*_ looks on their faces, but 
Lynn ignored them both.  "Ah, yes, Guy Mann."
	"Turns out he sings."
	A derisive snort.  "What about, screwing goats?"
	"Maybe.  Dunno.  But Mara's gonna..."
	"I told you...Mara is not a threat."  Something in her tone 
stopped even A.P.'s whittering.
	All three of them stared at her.
	She stared back.
	_Let's move on from this before someone dies,_ Daria thought.  
"Why exactly is Mara a threat to you?"  Lynn glared.  "Or rather, why 
would she be if she was going to be?"
	"Well, she was pretty pissed off about the way the Back Alley 
Name-Droppers broke up.  She never really forgave me for dropping out, 
no matter how little choice I had in the matter.  And when A.P. dropped 
out with me..."
	"She tried to get me back in as drummer," the Maverick jittered, 
"first week of school this year.  I turned her down.  She threatened 
to make me into Techno Weasel chow mein.  I still said no.  Then I got 
expelled and..."  He trailed off, thought a moment, then turned to Lynn.  
"But at least *I* didn't join another band!"
	"Will you stop worrying?"  She paused for realization.  "And 
don't tell the others.  They seem to think I'm thinking of leaving Mystik 
Spiral; if they find out I'm rendezvousing with my old band..."  She 
shrugged.
	"Um...won't they figure that out on their own?" wondered Daria.
	"Sure."  A smirk.  "But think how it'll reassure them when they 
realize that, rather than being invited to rejoin, I'm trying to keep 
Mara from clawing my eyes out of their sockets."
	The other three looked at Lynn.  She just kept on smirking.

				      * * *

Backstage at the Zen, on the night, Trent and Jesse were tuning their 
guitars.  Nick was pacing, looking at his watch every few seconds, in 
a way anyone who'd been in the maternity ward at Cedars of Lawndale on 
a certain night would have found familiar.  Max was still trying to 
perfect his drumstick-twirl, but still fumbling and dropping it after 
three seconds or less.  Casey entered the green room, dressed in black 
and looking severe in a security-beast sort of way.  Behind him were 
Guy -- in tight black leather jeans and a black fishnet tank top, which 
looked more laughable than he'd probably intended with his toast-rack-
on-a-stick build -- and Mara, in a very short black velvet dress with 
a little too much lace trim.  She eyed Jesse with interest.  "You're 
even finer up close, leather boy."
	Jesse blinked, clueless as usual.  "Huh?"
	"And thick as a brick wall, too," Guy sneered.  "You're out of 
his league, Mara -- he's just townie-scum."
	"Who're you?" Trent rasped.
	"We're the Back Alley Name Droppers.  Live with it."
	"From Oakwood, right?" wondered Nick.  "You'd be the Nympho-Goth 
and the bass-grunt."  He turned to Guy.  "Who're *you* supposed to be; 
Stick-man?"
	Casey, always a man of few words, nailed Nick across the jaw.  
Poppa Bear nearly fell over, but regained his balance and thumped Casey 
a good one in the stomach, following up with an uppercut to the nose.  
Casey doubled over briefly, then hit Nick in the shoulder.  Trent made 
a break-it-up gesture to Jesse, who walked over to them, grabbed both 
bassists by the back of the respective heads and bashed those heads 
together.  Nick and Casey, already a little dazed, dropped like rocks.
	"What the hell is wrong with you two?" Trent demanded.
	"Where the hell does he get off calling me that?" Mara bristled.  
"I mean, what the hell does he know about me?"
	"He's heard stories," said Lynn, leaning casually in the doorway. 
She was wearing a pair of black calf-length New Rock motorcycle boots 
that made her normal combat boots look tame, a short black leather skirt, 
and a Lycra off-the-shoulder top with silver flame designs running up 
the arms, topped with a vest/Basque thing with metal plating, giving 
an overall effect of body armor as created by an enthusiastic sci-fi 
movie costume designer.  Her eyes were enigmatic behind prescription 
sunglasses.  Without exception, everyone else in the room was stunned.
	"Lynn?"
	"Nympho-Goth.  Hey."  The Peril walked into the room.
	"What the hell are you..."  There was almost an audible _ping!_ 
as Mara figured it out.  "*You're* their new singer?"
	"You got a problem with that?" wondered Trent.
	By now, Guy had recovered enough to sneer.  "Huh.  I'm just 
havin' a problem seeing how I worried about competition from *you.*"
	"You haven't *heard* me yet, Goat-boy," Lynn pointed out.
	"Yeah, but *I* have!"  Mara stepped up to Lynn so that they were 
nose to chin.  "You little..."  She struggled with the limitations of 
language in a McIntyrian way for a moment.  "Damn, there aren't any good 
enough swearwords!"
	"You're not trying hard enough."
	"Where's your sense of *loyalty?*" came the angry sputtering 
reply.
	"Where's *your* sense of perspective?"
	Daria, Jane and A.P. appeared in the doorway as Nick and Casey 
were picking themselves up off the floor, glaring daggers at each other.  
Lynn and Mara were facing off; Mara was going purple with fury, but Lynn 
just looked down on her, in all senses of the word.  Trent scowled at 
Guy, who was still wearing his sneer, and Max just watched the scene, 
his _criminale_ tendencies cowed.  Jesse, as usual, remained impassive, 
or maybe oblivious.
	"Eee," A.P. philosophized.
	Mara turned on the easier target.  "You little geek-ball!"
	Lynn grabbed Mara by the collar and yanked her forward and up, 
so the nympho-Goth found herself on tiptoe, looking straight into Lynn's 
sunglasses, which sent her face went from rage-purple to fear-grey.  
"He is *not* your competition," Lynn stated coldly.  "Deal.  With.  Me."
	Trent stepped to her side.  "You mean *us,* Lynn."
	Nick joined him on her other side.  "Yeah."
	Jesse didn't say anything; he just stood next to Nick in an 
imposing way, being as muscular as he knew how.
	Max stood with Trent, on the safety-in-numbers principle, which 
brought back his bravado.  "Yeah!  You go up against the Spiral, man, 
we're gonna take you *down!*"
	"Max," Lynn scowled at Little Drummer Boy.  "We're going to be 
adult about this.  What's past is past.  If Nympho-Goth here wants to 
hold a grudge, let her.  We're going to let the judges make the call 
now."  She let Mara go.  "Now go find somewhere else to be."
	Guy was obviously maintaining his sneer only with an effort.  
"We've gotta go get ready, anyway.  And we'd rather not warm up with 
*you* around; give too much away."  He looked around.  "Where the hell 
is Joe?"  He and Mara exebant with as much dignity as they could muster.  
Casey hung back a moment, hands stuffed in his pockets.  In his usual 
nearly unintelligible grunt, he said, "Hey Lynn, A.P.," then shuffled 
out.
	Daria, Jane and A.P. entered the room proper.
	After a moment of grace, Max blurted out, "Hey, Lynn, you look 
*damn* hot!"
	A.P. glared.  Lynn waved the comment away, and A.P. looked...
marginally happier.  She turned to Trent and spreads her arms as if to 
ask _how do I look?_, and A.P. glared again.
	"It suits," Sir Naps-a-Lot replied.  After a moment's thought, 
he asked her, "How long have you known they were our competition?" with 
a jerk of a thumb in the direction the new B.A.N.D. had gone.
	"Maybe 18 hours."
	"Okay.  How good are they?"
	Lynn made a see-saw hand motion.  "Eh."
	"Can we take 'em?"
	Lynn gave a slow, smug smirk, which spread across the entire 
band.  Daria, Jane and A.P. exchanged a look.
	"I have a feeling we're in for a show..." the Maverick warned.

				      * * *

"o/~ Can't stand your lips!  Can't stand your eyes! o/~"
	Sitting with Daria and Jane at their table, A.P. stared at the 
stage in disbelief.  Very slowly indeed, he observed, "I didn't think 
*anyone* could be that bad."
	"o/~ Can't stand your teeth!  Can't stand your thighs! o/~"
	Daria nearly mustered enough emotion to sound sympathetic.  
"Sorry.  We've heard this guy before."  _At the Young Adult Coffeehouse, 
if I had time to tell that story._  "I guess acclimatization mutes the 
horror."
	"But you'd think he'd have written some new material by now..." 
Jane added.
	"o/~ The girl I love... o/~"  The guy smashed his guitar, drawing 
a mild cheer from the more anarchistic or inebriated in the crowd.  He 
bounded around the stage until being forcibly removed by security beasts, 
at which point the entire crowd cheered enthusiastically.
	The MC stepped onstage.  "That was...do we really care who that 
was?"
	"NO!" everyone agreed.
	"Well, we've fed him to the Beasts anyway."  He let them plan 
quiet celebrations a moment, then went on.  "Next band up for sacrifice 
are the Back Alley Name-Droppers...Sex Pistols covers, probably..."  
A.P. dropped his head on the table.  "Judges..."  He gestured to the 
side of the room, where a panel of three -- we'll call them Punk Bloke, 
Goth Chick and Hair Rock Reject, since I couldn't be bothered finding 
out their names -- sat and waved their drinks at the crowd.  "...you'll 
hear them play one cover, one original.  Marks out of ten.  And on we 
go!"
	The lights came back up onstage.  Joe McKeon was on drums, 
looking extremely out of place.  Mara was at her keyboard, hands poised.  
Casey was slightly slouched over his bass, and Guy stood tall at the 
front with a battered guitar.  Without preamble, they went thrashing 
into a very impressive version of Korn's "A.D.I.D.A.S."  Daria, Jane 
and A.P. looked as shocked as they were.
	"*My* brother's going to try to beat *that?*" Jane blurted before 
she could stop herself.
	"Purple Peril's gonna be spitting *nails!*" A.P. opined.
	Daria, recovering herself, got up out of her chair and walked 
off.
	"Where is she going?"
	A.P. shrugged, not taking his eyes off the stage.


ACT 3: A STROKE OF LUCK

Backstage, Trent, Jesse, Nick and Max were standing in the wings, looking 
nervous.  Daria slipped past without them noticing and looked around 
for Lynn.  Her sister was nowhere to be found, but the fire door was 
open a crack, propped open by a block of wood.  Daria looked at it a 
moment, then went out into the parking lot.  She carefully wedged the 
door back open and looked around some more, until she saw a moderately 
familiar pair of intimidating boots sticking out over the rear passenger-
side door of Lynn's Mercedes.  She walked over to the Merc and sat on 
the trunk, not looking at Lynn.  "They're not bad."
	"Thanks," came the reply from within.  "I needed to hear that."
	"You're better."
	A moment of silence.
	"I don't need to be made feel better."
	"The one you called `Goat-boy' has no stage presence.  They don't 
present a united front onstage and it works against them."  A pause to 
let that sink in.  "It'll work against you too, if you don't go out there 
and rally the troops."
	More silence greeted this advice.
	"They're pretty shaken up, Lynn.  They remember all too well 
the days when they were getting booed off the stage playing `Ice Box 
Woman' at McGrundy's for twenty bucks each.  And they're still afraid 
they're going to wind up playing Doors covers at brewpubs.  You're the 
one with the confidence."
	"Even if it's only an outward show?"
	"Even then; it makes them feel better, and their confidence can 
inspire yours."  She let Lynn consider that, then meaningfully added, 
"You don't have to stand alone."
	Lynn sat up and looked at Daria for a moment.  "You're not just 
talking about this, are you."
	"No.  I'm not."
	Lynn considered Daria for a long moment, then opened her mouth 
to speak...
	"Hey ho, Purple Peril!"
	Daria and Lynn turned to face the rapidly approaching Psycho-
Maverick.  "Dammit, A.P..." Daria muttered under her breath.
	"Um...maybe you should go talk to Sir Naps-a-lot, Purple Peril.  
He looks *seriously* freaked.  So do the rest of 'em."
	Lynn gave a small Mona Lisa smile.  "Yeah.  I guess I'd better.  
*Someone* in there had better have some confidence."  She opened the 
door of the Merc, stepped out, shut the door behind her and walked off.
	A.P. grinned at Daria.  "So she's okay?"  He noticed she was 
glaring at him.  "What?"  She made a frustrated gesture with her hands, 
biting back possible replies.  "*What?*"
	A resigned sigh.  "Never mind.  The moment came once; it'll come 
again."  She walked off.  
	A.P. looked after her, completely at sea.  "What'd I *say?*  
What'd I *do?*  Erudite *Emerald*..."  He ran off after her.

				      * * *

As they came back in, the B.A.N.D. were leaving the stage to a great 
chorus of cheers and applause.  The MC stepped back up on stage.  "Well, 
the Back Alley Name-Droppers walk away with 27 points!  Maybe I was wrong 
about the Sex Pistols covers!"
	The crowd cheered its assent.
	Daria sat back down next to Jane, seething inwardly.
	Jane noticed.  "What's wrong with *you?*"
	"The road to hell is paved with good intentions," came the grimly 
muttered reply.
	Jane looked at Daria dubiously.
	"And maybe we'll be wrong about this one too!" the MC yammered 
on.  "Next up for the slaughter is Mystik Spiral!  Who sound like they 
play *Doors* covers at brewpubs!"  This elicited hyena-like laughter 
from the crowd.
	A.P. sat down on the other side of Jane from Daria and looked 
across at her.  "Tell me what I did!"
	Daria waved a hand at him.  "Shut up -- they're about to start."
	From backstage, Trent, Jesse, Nick and Max looked out at the 
MC onstage, still looking nervous.
	"Feeling a little less confident, townie-scum?" came a sneer 
from behind them.  The Spiral members turned to see Guy and Mara looking 
impossibly smug.  Joe and Casey, on the other hand, looked a bit less 
enthusiastic about band-baiting.  Guy ignored them and went on, "You 
don't have to go out there, you know."
	"What's the matter, Goat-boy?  Afraid of a little competition?"  
Lynn brushed past them to join her bandmates.
	"You okay?" Trent asked her.
	"Never better."  She let them all bask in that a moment.  "Now 
let's go impress some people."  And they stepped out onto the stage.  
"Hey.  We're Mystik Spiral.  And if you don't like it...straight down 
the river Styx with you."  After a pause for applause, the Spiral ripped 
into Skunk Anansie's "It Takes Blood and Guts to Be This Cool (But I'm 
Still Just a Cliche)."  The crowd went audibly nuts.  Guy looked green, 
and Mara looked extremely pissed off.  Casey and Joe shared smug little 
smirks at their bandmates' expense.
	Out front, Daria looked smug, Jane looked surprised, and A.P. 
was grinning like an idiot, or at least an idiot savant.
	"Worried about your brother dealing with the competition *now,* 
Jane?"
	"Guess not," Art-Smart Scarlet answered Daria's question.
	"Now it's *their* turn to spit nails."  A.P.'s grin managed, 
somehow, to widen.  "Take *that,* Nympho-Goth!"

				      * * *

Some time later, it was over.  Daria looked a little disappointed, while 
Jane looked more sort of livid.  A.P. had his head in his hands.  It 
was very quiet now.
	"A tie," Daria observed.
	"Well, that makes it almost okay that they didn't get first 
place," Jane groused.
	A.P. looked up with an anguished wail of, "But they *sucked!*"
	"Sucking is in the eye of the beholder, A.P.  The judges loved 
it."
	His face went back into his hands, half-muffling his frustrated 
scream, "Marilyn Manson-wannabe *scumbuckets!*"
	"Well, you have to admit," Daria pointed out, "they put on a 
show."
	"Do you think they'll ever be able to clean the fake blood off 
the stage?" Jane mused.
	"I'm more interested in how they intend to get that Chihuahua 
out of the rafters."
	In the silence that followed this, they could hear its distant, 
panicked barking as Lynn approached their table.
	"How's everyone taking it?"
	Lynn shrugged.  "They're ecstatic."  She paused to let them 
figure that out, then decided to spell it out.  "Well, they've never 
had the guts to sign up for anything like this before, so tying for 
second is a really big deal.  And of course, even with only half of the 
grand offered to the runners up, they're walking away a hundred bucks 
in pocket."
	"And you?" Daria wondered.
	"Eh.  You know me.  Calm, cool, and collected.  Would have liked 
first, but given the show Lizard Gizzard put on..."  There was a Doppler-
effect whimper and a thump, eliciting a collective wince from the gang, 
as gravity took charge of the Chihuahua.  When it was over, Lynn went 
on.  "...I don't think I'm surprised."
	A.P.'s face was still in hands as he let out another lamenting 
wail.  "But they *sucked!*  They couldn't sing worth *crap!*  I don't 
think that guy was even holding his *bass* the right way up!"
	The Peril favored him with a Mona Lisa smile.  "Thanks for the 
vote of confidence, A.P."
	He didn't surface from his hands.  "Don't mention it."
	"I'm...gonna go help the guys pack up."
	"I'll go with you."  Jane got up and they both exited.
	Daria looked closely at A.P.  "She's gone."
	A.P. looked up slowly, revealing a maroon blush.  "So what *did* 
I do wrong?"
	"I came this close," Daria demonstrated by pressing a thumb and 
forefinger together, "to getting her to spill what's been bothering her 
lately.  The sleepless nights.  The weaponry.  The unexplained absences.  
And the weirdness about Jerome."  She slammed a fist into the table.  
"So damn close, and you interrupted."
	A pause for that to sink in.
	"Okay...any idea how to kick yourself in the ass?  Because I 
think I need to learn to do that."

				      * * *

Backstage, Jane was walking alongside a still-Gioconda-ing Lynn.  "Quite 
the silver-tongued devil, young Andrew, eh?"
	Lynn, seeing where this was going, decided to use a sure-fire 
tactic to head it off.  "Like your former young Thomas?"
	Jane was taken somewhat aback.  "What do you know about *him?*"
	"Only that you don't want him mentioned any more than I want 
my unrequited feelings for A.P. mentioned.  To *anyone.  Ever.*"
	"But... But what if he..."
	"I'm not hearing this, because you're not saying it, because 
we're not having this conversation.  Nor will we.  Are we on the same 
page?"
	Jane felt cheated, but decided it was still better than feeling 
hospitalized.  "Fine."  She nerved herself a moment.  "But you play 
dirty.  I mean, I have some very good reasons not to want to talk about 
Tom!"
	"And they're no more my business than my relationships are yours."
With that, Lynn drifted away.
	A moment later, Jane was no longer too stunned to speak.  "You...
you're not even going to *ask?*"  She considered.  "You *are* acting 
weird!"

				      * * *

Lynn came out the fire door into the parking lot, lugging a pair of 
cymbals and a snare drum.  She spotted Joe and Guy loading amps into 
a small battered white thing that had probably begun its life as an ice-
cream truck.  Casey spotted her and shuffled over.  Mara saw him go and 
followed him.
	"You were good," Lynn told them as she hefted the snare drum 
into the Tank.
	"You too," Casey muttered.
	"Yeah," Mara acknowledged with tooth-pulling reluctance.
	They waited while Lynn tucked the cymbals into the Tank, until 
she turned to face them.
	Casey's muttering was almost intelligible.  It'd have taken 
someone who'd known him a while to realize he'd said, "What the hell'd 
they wanna do that to a dog for?"
	Mara allowed herself a small grin.  "They sucked, didn't they?"
	"Oh yeah," Lynn confirmed.  "Musically, anyway.  Welcome to the 
21st Century, where shock and style is more valued than substance."
	That seemed to seal it.
	"Still dating the geek-ball?"
	"Nope."
	An almost Gallic shrug.  "Whatever."
	"What are you hangin' around with *her* for?" Guy treated them 
to a long-range sneer.  "*C'mon!*  We've got a *party* to get to!"
	"Yeah, yeah, whatever!" Mara yelled back.  After a pause, she 
turned back to Lynn.  "See you around."
	Casey nodded.
	Lynn didn't say anything, just shut the back of the Tank and 
walked around it towards the passenger side door.
	Mara and Casey shared a look as they walked off.
	Trent was leaning out the window as Lynn approached him and said, 
"Hey, we ripped it up.  You guys were great."
	Trent grinned.  "Couldn't have done it without you, Lynn.  We're 
gonna have a party at my place to celebrate.  You're coming, right?"  
She must have hesitated a little too long.  "Lynn..."
	"Trent, I've got some stuff to do..."
	"Look, you put the effort in, same as the rest of us.  You gotta 
celebrate with us on this."
	She was still reluctant to beg off her other appointment, but 
she couldn't readily tell him that.  "Well..."  Another Mona Lisa smile.  
"Okay.  I'll meet you there."
	Trent grinned and the Tank pulled out.
	Lynn headed for the Mercedes, pulled her jacket out of the back 
seat and dug out her mobile phone.  She hit the speed-dial button, put 
the phone to her ear, and waited for...  "Rust?  Cullen."  She let him 
ask his question.  "I'm not supposed to say on a mobile phone."  She 
listened to his praise.  "Thank you.  I'm going to have to skip tonight's 
session."  Another question.  "Well, tied for second, actually, but I'm 
expected to celebrate.  They're going to ask questions if I refuse."  
She got the answer she'd hoped her.  "Well, I would have skipped without 
your blessing, but I thank you for it anyway.  Later."  She switched 
the mobile off, hopped into the driver's seat and stowed the phone in 
the glove compartment.  She put the key in the ignition and started the 
car.
	Then she just sat behind the wheel for a moment, weighing it 
all.  _I've improved a townie band to the point where they can tie for 
second in a close-running Battle of the Bands, I've unmade an enemy -- 
some people would say that's the greatest achievement I could hope for 
-- and I've earned myself a night off from "training."_
	"All in all," she mused calmly, "a great night."  With that, 
she put the pedal to the metal, and the Mercedes roared out of the 
parking lot at high speed.  Ahead...the future.

ADAPTOR'S NOTES
	I'm not counting dwarves and trolls because they have their own 
bars.
	"Exebant" really is the third person imperfect plural of the 
Latin verb _exire_ (that is, the past tense of "exeunt").  I made a 
specific effort to be sure of it, so I could be as pretentious as 
possible while still being factual.
	Obligatory legal blap: Daria Morgendorffer was created (as were 
the rest of the Lawndale characters) by Glenn Eichler and Susie Lewis 
Lynn, and she and her neighbors are copyright 1993, 1997, 2000 MTV 
Networks, a Viacom company.  (As Michelle Klein-Haess has pointed out, 
work-for-hire sucks the yolks from ostrich eggs.)  Monty Python quotes 
and characters are copright 1970, 2000 Python (Monty) Pictures Ltd.  
They are here used, without the permission of their creators or owners, 
in the not-for-profit context of fan-fiction.  The characters of Lynn 
Cullen and A.P. McIntyre are copyright 1999, 2000 Janet "Canadibrit" 
Neilson, as is this storyline, which was adapted by Austin Loomis (to 
whom the prose format version is copyright 2000) with permission.
	All other characters, locations and incidents (of which I don't 
think there are any, actually) are either imaginary or used fictitiously. 
Any coincidence of names is regretted, and any resemblance to persons 
living, dead, undead, or wandering the night in ghostly torment is either 
purely satirical or not my fault.
	As a "substantially transformative" derivative work, this story 
is protected by the Supreme Court's decision in re Campbell v. Acuff 
Rose Music.  It may be freely redistributed as long as this copyright 
notice is maintained intact, but may not be in any way redistributed 
for profit without the permission of the legal owners of all concepts 
involved.  The present author hereby gives permission for any and all 
keepers of Daria fanfic pages to archive this work (as if I could stop 
them).  Any publication of this story for profit without the express 
written permission of Austin Loomis, Janet Neilson and MTV Networks (like 
any of that'll happen, especially the last) is strictly prohibited, and 
violators, if I ever decide to track them down, will be strung up by 
the thumbs, beaten about the head and shoulders with a free-range carrot, 
and then handed over to corporate lawyers who will do terrible things 
to them.  On purpose.

Austin, and good day.
Al D T0 W- Q Fw^Fr
O+ Ow+OH+Of m c- MV+
F:111,208,313 BB+ FCT -DT+ q fJ^fj^fD
