_The Look-Alike Series_
Daria fan fiction by Canadibrit with Ben Yee
Season 4, episode 10: "Display Model"
prose adaptation by Austin Loomis

Cast: Quinn Morgendorffer, Ted DeWitt-Clinton, Nathan Caldwell, Lynn 
Cullen, A.P. McIntyre, Jake Morgendorffer, Helen Barksdale Morgendorffer, 
Daria Morgendorffer, Jane Lane, Michael Jordan "Mack" MacKenzie, Jodie 
Abigail Landon, Stacy Rowe, Brittany Taylor, Mrs. Diane Bennett, Mark 
"Shooter" Renfield, Tim O'Neill, Janet Barch, Mara Fitzgerald, Charles 
"Upchuck" Ruttheimer III, Tom Sloane, Marianne, Carol McIntyre, Jon 
Hopper
	non-speaking: Kevin Thompson, Jack "Beefy Boy" Paterson, the 
other umLynn, Joey, Jeffy, Jamie White, Brooke Wanamaker, Tori Jericho, 
Tiffany Blum-Deckler, Robert, Sandi Griffin, Corey, Casey Wright, Andrea 
Thorne, Guy Mann, Claire Defoe, Irene Morris, Anthony DeMartino
	name-checked only: Joanne, Rose, Mark, Luke, Kim (Otano?)

"I'm too sexy for my shirt
 Too sexy for my shirt, so sexy it hurts
 I'm too sexy for Milan
 Too sexy for Milan, New York and Japan"
	-- Right Said Fred, "I'm Too Sexy"


ACT 1: THE HEADMASTER RITUAL

"I just want to play on my panpipes
 I just want to drink me some wine
 As soon as you're born, you start dyin'
 So you might as well have a good time"
	-- Cake, "Sheep Go to Heaven"

_Lawndale High, during school hours_

Out in the hall, Quinn and Ted were standing by her locker, chatting.  
Quinn looked outraged for some reason as her boyfriend spoke.  "It was 
nice of your friend Stacy to invite us over for that..."
	"Buffython," Quinn grumbled.
	"I thought they took a very narrow view of the vampire mythology, 
though.  While the `vamping out' was an interesting concept, there's 
precedent at least as far back as Stoker that--"  Suddenly and without 
warning, Quinn spin-kicked her locker.  It dented.  Ted looked at her, 
astonished.
	"How can they get *five seasons*," she ranted, "out of some 
wannabe-popular, wannabe-sarcastic, isn't-really-*either* ex-cheerleader 
kicking the butts of the *wimpiest* bunch of goons this side of the 
*Mississippi*?  UGH!"
	Ted was puzzled.  "I thought you liked that show."
	A sigh.  "I did," she morosely allowed as.  "Then I realized 
how fake the fight scenes were and the dream was gone."
	"So your willing suspension of disbelief was disrupted by a flaw 
in the detail work, thus robbing it of its meaning and any merit it might 
have had.  A truly Stanislavskian construction, then, unable to survive 
dissection."
	_Information overload.  But if *Daria* got that when *they* were 
umdating, why should I do any better?_  "If you say so..."
	That innocent smile that reminded her all over again why she 
loved him.  "Quinn, you never cease to surprise me.  There are so many 
facets to you!"
	A slightly shadowed smile of her own.  "Thanks."
	Ted, all guileless enthusiasm, spin-hugged Quinn and then kissed 
her full on the lips.
	"DeWitt-Clinton!" Caldwell barked.
	Ted jumped back.  "EEP!"

				      * * *

The door to the office reception area burst open and Caldwell barged 
through, puce with frustrated rage, looking more than usual like the 
principal in _Ferris Bueller_.  Quinn and Ted followed him, a bit 
stunned, not really sure what was going on.  "You sit out here with 
*them,*" Caldwell snapped.  "I'll deal with all four of you in a moment." 
He walked into his inner sanctum and slammed the door behind him.
	Quinn and Ted turned to look at the "them" he'd spoken of...and 
facefaulted.  "They" were Lynn and A.P., sitting *very* close together, 
holding hands.  A.P. wore a sheepish grin; Lynn, a cat-that-caught-the-
canary smirk.
	"What are *you* two doing here?" Quinn asked as she and Ted sat 
down on the side nearest A.P.  She had a horrible thought.  "You two 
didn't try blowing the place *up* again, *did* you?"
	"Nah," A.P. replied, still grinning.  "Saving *that* for
graduation."
	"Or Prom," Lynn deadpanned.  "Whichever."
	Quinn raised an eyebrow at her anti-sister.  "You'd *better* 
be kidding."  There was a brief, uncomfortable silence.  After all, Ted 
was the only one in the room who didn't know why they *mightn't* be.  
"*Seriously,* what are you--?"
	"Pretty much the same thing you are, Narcissa."
	A.P.'s grin managed to get wider.  "I got picked for the Carter 
County Tri-Suburban Science Club trip to Houston -- NASA -- bit before 
Christmas.  I got the news and kinda went Kiki."
	This netted Looks from Ted and Quinn, who knew nothing of the 
wonder ferret.  "*Poingpoingpoingpoingpoing*," Lynn dryly explained.  
Piku piku, in stereo.  "He had bouncity-bounce."
	"So I smooched the Peril and..."  The grin widened goofily, 
threatening to split the corners of his mouth.  "...she smooched back 
and--"
	"Cullen!" Caldwell barked from his office.  "DeWitt-Clinton!  
Morgendorffer!  McIntyre!"
	The grin instantly evaporated, leaving no trace.  "...something 
like *that* happened," A.P. finished grimly.  They exchanged looks, then 
stood up to go take their medicine.

_Morgendorffer Home Base, kitchen, that dinnertime_

Quinn, shaking with stress, was talking a mile a minute, gesticulating 
wildly.  Jake looked about ready to explode; Helen, on the other hand, 
looked concerned for her younger daughter.  Daria watched the whole scene 
play out with dull amusement.
	"...And *then* he said something about it being a school and 
not a house of ill *dispute* or something!  I mean, it's not like he 
was trying for second *base* or anything!"
	"Damn *right* he wasn't!" Jake finally boiled over.  "I don't 
want my little girl making out with some cult *weirdo* right out in 
*public!*"
	"Da-AD!  It wasn't even making *out!*"  Quinn didn't even bother 
with the "cult weirdo" part -- she'd long since given up trying to set 
her father straight about "Brother Ted," and she pretty much shared his 
opinion of Grant Clinton and Leslie DeWitt anyway.
	Helen intervened, putting things back on track.  "Quinn, calm 
*down* and tell us what happened."
	"Well, that Lynn girl pointed out that there was nothing in the 
school rules about kissing on the grounds and *Ted* said that the 
Constitution gives us the insatiable right to life, liberty and the 
pursuit of happiness and then *Caldwell* said something about things 
needing to change around here and the..."  It was a struggle, but she 
managed to remember what he'd actually said.  "...increasing moral decay 
of today's youth."  She thought about that a moment.  It sounded more 
like the kind of thing the late Ms. Li would have said, really.  "Then 
he sent us back to class without giving us detention or *anything.*"  
She allowed herself a slight sly smirk.
	Helen saw the smirk and got concerned.  "Quinn...now don't think 
I'm being a prude or trying to run your life or anything, but--"
	Jake slammed his fist on the table.  "I don't want you seeing 
that boy ever again!  You're *grounded!*"
	"DA-*AAAAD*!"
	"JAKE!" Helen snapped, then turned back to her younger daughter.  
"You're not grounded, Quinn," she soothingly assured.  "Just...be a bit 
more discreet in school from now on, okay?"
	A world-weary sigh.  "*Fine,* Mom."  Quinn got up.  "I can't 
bring him *home,* his parents won't let me take him *anywhere* I normally 
go on dates, and now I can't even kiss him in *school!*  No one over 
twenty *gets* being in love!"  With that, she flounced out.
	There was blessed silence for a moment.  Then, with one accord, 
Helen and Jake both turned to Daria.  "Name your price," Helen said in 
her most businesslike tone.
	Daria raised an eyebrow.  "Excuse me?"
	"You're smart enough to know what I'm talking about.  I'm not 
having her suspended over this -- her academic record is bad enough as 
it is.  How much to keep an eye on her in school?"
	"Fifty bucks."
	Helen reached for her handbag.  "That's not so--"
	"Weekly.  Payable a month in advance."  Helen looked like the 
proverbial pole-axed ox.  "We're dealing with rampant teenage hormones 
here.  Hard cash for hard labor."
	Helen went into her bargaining tone.  "Daria..."
	Jake had his wallet out, pulled out some bills and handed them 
to his umdaughter, who took them.  "Done."
	"JAKE!"
	Daria got up.  "Pleasure doing business with you."  She pocketed 
the bills on her way out.
	Helen frowned at Jake.  "What?" he wondered.  We can afford it!  
We never give her much of *anything* and at least she *earns* it when 
we do!"
	Helen conceded the point with a sigh.  "I just worry about the 
life lessons we give her with this sort of thing."  This led to a 
thoughtful silence.  It would have been a lot *more* thoughtful if they'd 
known what good societal role models they were, compared to the other 
side of her heritage.

_Pizza King_

Daria, Jane, Lynn and A.P. were sitting in their usual booth.  Daria 
handed each of the other three a bill.  Jane looked at hers.  "Wow.  
Christmas comes early this year."
	"No, I expect you to earn that.  I'm on hire to keep an eye on
Quinn and twelve eyes are better than four."
	"Uh, Erudite Emerald?  Your add-up's off by four.  And two."
	"Eight pairs of eyes," Lynn explained the metaphor to A.P.  "Two 
pairs of glasses."  She took a moment to turn to her sister.  "This to 
do with this morning's incident with The Nose?"
	Daria nodded.  "We're on Hormone Patrol."
	"We can get Rust in on this too, if you want.  Don't even have 
to pay him; technically, he's ours to order around."
	"I'd rather not call that in."
	"Understood.  So, Super Soakers loaded with ice water?"
	Daria smirked.  "Her poor makeup job."
	Lynn got an identical smirk.  "Not to mention--"  An eerily 
accurate imitation of an appalled Quinn.  "`MY *HAIR*!'"  Snickers all 
around.

_Lawndale High, the next day_

A.P. opened his locker, and an avalanche of books, binders and crumpled 
pieces of paper spilled to the floor.  Mack and Jodie, hand in hand, 
came walking over to him as he stooped to pick things up.  They watched 
for a moment, smirking.  Mack finally decided to get his attention.  
"Hey, A.P."
	The Maverick looked up with a sheepish grin.  "Hey ho, Picard.  
GPA Girl."
	Jodie took up the dialogue.  "We just wanted to thank you for...
you know...last week."
	"It was sneaky, underhanded and devious," Mack allowed as, "but 
the ends justified the means.  Thanks, man."
	A.P. was lost.  "Come again?"
	Mack was confused, but tried not to show it.  Did this mean 
getting him and Jodie to the Zen at the same time *hadn't* been the plan 
all along?  And how was he going to find out, given the Big Topic that 
they couldn't discuss on school grounds?  He was just opening his mouth 
to dance carefully around the issue some more when the PA clicked on.
	"Attention, students," Caldwell's voice echoed out.  "Due to 
an increasing lack of propriety amongst the students of Lawndale High, 
some changes have been made concerning our policy on public displays 
of affection on school grounds.  As of today, we will be operating under 
a three-foot rule."
	Jodie, Mack and A.P. shared a look.  "He's not saying what I 
think he's saying..." Jodie pleaded with the Universe.
	"This means that all students and faculty must maintain a 
distance of at least three feet from all other students and faculty while 
on school grounds, regardless of gender.  First offense will earn the 
students or faculty members in question a verbal warning.  Second offense 
merits detention or, in the case of faculty, a written reprimand.  Third 
offense will mean suspension or the termination of the faculty members' 
contracts.  That is all."  Click.
	Jodie and Mack looked at each other in horrified dismay, then 
released each others' hands and stepped away from each other.  A.P. got 
all pale and wide-eyed.


ACT 2: THEIR LAW

"And if I built this fortress around your heart
 Encircled you with trenches and barbed wire
 Then let me build a bridge, for I cannot fill your chasms
 Let me set the battlements on fire"
	-- Sting, "Fortress around Your Heart"

_The cafeteria, lunchtime_

Brittany was sitting at a table, head on her arms, sobbing.  Stacy was 
sitting across from the head cheerleader, looking uncertain in the face 
of this behavior.  _God,_ she wondered inwardly, _was *I* like this 
once?_  Aloud, she said, "I *know* you're upset, Brittany, but--"
	"Oh my *Kevvie!*"  Ponytail Barbie dissolved into incoherent 
sobbing.
	"But you can make out with your boyfriend *after* school!"  At 
that, Brittany's wailing just got louder; Stacy had to raise her voice 
to be heard over the noise.  "I think we should be more worried about 
how this affects the cheerleading routines!  I mean, Caldwell won't even 
let us do the human *pyramid* anymore!"
	"What," A.P. asked as he passed by them with his tray, "they 
afraid one of you'll look up?"  He clapped a hand over his mouth, nearly 
dropping the tray.  "IdontbelieveIjustsaidthat."  He walked on.
	Stacy looked after him in utter confusion.  Brittany, oblivious, 
continued to wail.
	A.P. joined Daria, Jane and Lynn where they were carefully 
sitting away from each other.  "This three-foot rule is getting *stupid.*"
	Jane raised an eyebrow.  "`Getting'?"
	"Keeping at a three-foot distance in *here* is something to see," 
Daria observed as she looked around the cafeteria.  The tables were only 
half-occupied, to maintain the three-foot gap, and several students were 
lining the walls, carrying trays and looking lost.  A glance at the 
windows showed the heavy rain that was keeping them from eating outside.
	"Well, Art-Smart Scarlet and I had sort of that problem in our 
English class.  Wimp-in-the-Willows *tried* to push the desks three feet 
apart and only about half of them fit.  I *tried* to tell him that I 
already *did* the math but he wouldn't listen and when he found out he 
started making with the tear ducts."
	"So he went to Caldwell," Jane took up the tale, "and took A.P. 
and his math brain with him and explained just how many desks can fit 
into an average classroom if they're spaced at three-foot intervals.  
So he said that it was negated if there was a barrier like a piece of 
furniture between them or if they were in class."
	Lynn smirked.  "Loophole..."
	A sigh.  "During class hours only.  And only when seated at the 
desk."
	"This is getting even *more* stupid."
	"Stacy Rowe!  Brittany Taylor!"  The Jacketeers turned at the 
sound of Mrs. Bennett's voice to see her bearing down on -- Stacy and 
Brittany.
	Stacy, frozen with fear, still had a comforting hand on 
Brittany's shoulder from across the table.  "But Mrs. Bennett..."
	"I'm sorry, Stacy, Brittany...but rules are rules.  Come with 
me."  She led them away, keeping the prescribed distance.
	The Jacketeers rolled their eyes.  "And to think I used to 
complain about being denied the basic freedoms by Ms. Li," Jane muttered.
	"No you didn't," Daria pointed out.
	"Didn't I?"
	"Not as such."
	"Well, I *meant* to."  Jane looked around the cafeteria.  "I'm 
kind of glad I *didn't,* now."  They all sat and looked around, then 
at each other, thinking about it.

_Morgendorffer Home Base, the padded room, after school_

Daria was sprawled out on her bed, reading.  After a while, she tossed 
the book aside and started staring at the ceiling, just to give her eyes 
something to do while she thought out loud.  "Okay.  I've established 
that Jesse's too stupid to lie.  But I decided *not* to date Trent 
because he..."  She trailed off, blinking, as a realization finally hit 
her.  "He's *not* an irresponsible slacker.  Not anymore, anyway."  She 
allowed herself a mirthless chuckle.  "Only because Lynn knows how to 
crack a whip."  A deep sigh.  "But she has A.P.  She's not doing that 
for herself."  She thought about that and raised an eyebrow.  "She's 
not grooming him for me, is she?"  Then she came to another conclusion.  
"I have to stop doing this.  Only people with money in the bank can 
afford to talk to themselves like this.  And the Smythes haven't hit 
me with a trust fund.  Yet."  The phone began to ring.  "Quinn!"  Ring.  
"Mom?  Dad?"  Ring.  Daria sighed, realizing it was up to her, and picked 
up.  "Hello?"
	"Erudite Emerald?"  Said nervously.  "Uh...hi."
	That eyebrow went up again.  "A.P.?  What's wrong?"
	"Look, no one ever told us that `the school grounds' meant the 
parking lot.  We got busted by the Penny-Puncher in the parking lot when 
I got in the Merc for a ride home."
	A sigh.  "And ignorance of the law is no excuse for breaking 
it.  So what did she do?"
	"Nothing *yet.*  But she's got something they called a San 
Francisco Iced Tea and wants to do target practice."
	"San Fran..."
	"It's like a Long Island Iced Tea only more...warped."
	Daria remembered now.  "Oh.  THAT."  Shooter had served her 
something he said was the Peril's drink of choice, and confirmed that 
she'd regret asking what the hell was in it.  She'd had to admit, it 
kind of grew on her -- like a fungus.  And she could guess that A.P. 
must be calling from Biers, on either the pay phone or Lynn's cellphone.
	He was going toward speed-rant mode now.  "She's *not* bombed 
but she *is* pissed off and I don't want her with a gun in that state 
of mind -- you *know* she's bad enough when she's *not* pissed off!  
And you *know*--"
	"I get the picture, A.P.  What were you calling *me* for?"
	That was it, he was gone.  "Calmherdown.  PLEASEcalmherdown.  
Atleastgethertoputthedamngunaway..."
	"A.P.  CALM.  DOWN."  She sighed.  "Get Shooter to make *you* 
a drink if you have to, just calm down.  I'll be there as soon as I can." 
She hung up and barged out of her room.  There was a thud.
	"OW!"
	"Sorry, Dad.  Didn't know you were home..."  Thumpthumpthumpthump-
thumpthumpSLAM!
	Jake passed the door to Daria's room, patting his pockets as 
he traversed the Hypothetical Observer's viewpoint.  He suddenly frowned. 
"HELEN!" he called out.  "Have you seen the Lexus keys? -- Helen?"

				      * * *

Already out front, Daria headed towards the Lexus, which Jake had parked 
conveniently in the driveway.  She tossed his keys in the air and caught 
them with a small smirk.  "Purple Peril, you taught me well."
	"DARIA!  HAVE YOU SEEN MY KEYS?"
	Daria startled in place, but then recovered and smirked.  "Oops." 
She jumped into the car and drove off -- 
	-- just as Jake opened the door and came barging out, seeing 
her turn a corner in his car.  "*DARIA*!"

_Biers_

Shooter stared at the front door.  Suddenly, he heard a motor; then the 
door was flung open, and Erudite Emerald was standing there.
	Daria surveyed the scene -- A.P. was slumped over on a table, 
an empty water glass by his elbow.  Shooter was looking nervous.  There 
was a muffled pounding noise coming from somewhere.
	"That *your* piece of crap Yuppiemobile?" Shooter asked.
	"Best transport I could get hold of."  She nodded toward A.P.  
"What's with *him?*"
	"I fed him some schnapps."  Daria shot a meaningful look at the 
water glass, and Shooter got all defensive.  "He was getting on my
nerves."
	Daria realized what she could still hear.  "What's that pounding?"
	"She wanted on the range.  I let her on the range."  Gulp.  "I 
just didn't say anything about letting her *off* again."
	"You locked her in a room with a gun."
	"Well, it's better than her being out *here* with a gun, right?"
	"It is until she realizes that what she packs is of high enough 
caliber to..."  *BANG.*  "...blow through a doorknob and latch."
	Bigsweatdrop.  "OhCRAP."
	Lynn came through the door behind the bar.  Shooter vaulted the 
bar and hid behind Daria.  "Would you calm *down?*  If I was calm enough 
to figure my way out, I'm calm enough not to waste anyone on the payroll."
	"If you say so..."  He wasn't reassured enough to move.
	Daria chose her words carefully.  "And you've sufficiently
vented?"
	"I want to ventilate that man."  Lynn might have been talking 
about trouble she was having with an English report.  Shooter, not sure 
who "that man" necessarily was, *still* didn't move.
	"But you *know* that's not the best course of action."
	A shrug.  "Sure.  I'd hire DJ or someone to do it if I was going 
to.  I'm not 100% trained for that sort of thing."
	"We don't kill him.  That's the...well, that's the Smythe way."
	"Well, what do *you* suggest, `Morgendorffer'?"
	Daria winced.  That stung.  Particularly since Lynn was the last 
person she'd told about her parentage.  Then she realized what the 
"Morgendorffer way" was.  "Remember Operation Sound of Silence?"  Lynn 
raised an eyebrow.

_Chez Cullen -- the Chamber of Dark Mysteriousness_

Lynn was sitting at her computer, frowning at the screen.  Daria was 
sitting cross-legged on the bed.  Jane was poking through a stack of 
papers on the floor.
	Daria decided to get the ball rolling discussion-wise.  "Okay, 
for a protest, what about another sit-in of sorts?  Standing *exactly* 
three feet apart, blocking something important?"
	"Bathrooms?  Teacher's lounge?"  Jane allowed herself one of 
her trademark evil smirks.  "Caldwell's office?"
	"This is Caldwell," Lynn pointed out; "he'd probably push past 
us.  And, if we blocked something important, then *we'd* be the bad guys, 
thus validating what he's doing."
	Daria sighed.  "Not *again.*"
	"You get used to it. -- I think."
	"Well, we have to do *something,*" Jane snapped.  "I mean, this 
is..."  She came across something on a paper that caught her eye, and 
another smirk slowly began to grow on her face.  "Heeeeeeeeeeeey..."
	"I'm as evil as they come and *that* just plain *scares* me."
	"What are you *thinking*...?" Daria wondered.
	"Oh, I think *you* at least will like this, Lynn," Jane airily 
observed.  "You remember your research on the 60's for that paper in 
Mr. D's class?"
	Lynn took time to dredge up the memory.  "What, peace, pot, 
protest and p..."  She trailed off as it hit her.  _And promiscuity._  
"Jane, you are *evil.*"  Jane's only reply was a broadening smirk.  Lynn 
answered it with one of her own.  Daria, who remembered that day mainly 
for the events that had set Operation Sound of Silence in motion, was 
*very* confused, and a bit frightened.


ACT 3: ADORE

"Everything just passes by, I 
 thought it always would but then
 I kissed her..."
	-- The Jesus and Mary Chain, "Snakedriver"

_Lawndale High parking lot, the next day_

A fairly large group of students had gathered, all nicely paired off.  
Notable in their presence were Kevin and Brittany, Jodie and Mack, the 
umLynn and Beefy Boy, Quinn and Ted, Brooke and Joey, Tori and Jeffy, 
Tiffany and Jamie, Stacy and Robert -- Stacy looked fed up -- and Sandi 
and Corey (in that pair, *he* looked fed up).  A few Oakwooders had come 
to support their Lawndalian significant others: Mara was with Upchuck 
-- who was sporting the new look she'd picked out for him, black jeans 
and a soft gray button-up shirt with his hair in A.P.-esque disarray 
-- Casey with Andrea, and Guy with Jane.  Daria and Tom were standing 
near each other, but not exactly side-by-side, looking nervous.  Lynn 
and A.P. were standing on the hood of the Merc; Lynn had a bullhorn.  
"Okay, we all know what we're going to do?"  Cries of assent.  Daria 
and Tom managed to look even *more* uncomfortable.  "Okay then!  This 
keeps going until the man breaks!  And thanks to Jane Lane for coming 
up with this idea.  Let's give her a hand!"
	Jane glared and blushed at the same time as the group broke into 
cheers -- all but Daria and Tom, who looked still more uncomfortable 
and glared at her a little.  Lynn offered Jane a hand; the artiste took 
it and climbed up onto the hood, grabbing the bullhorn.  "And remember, 
people..."  She started singing as badly as usual.  "o/` Don't talk, 
just--o/`"
	"Tuuuuuuuuunecrime!" Lynn and A.P. interrupted in unison.
	"Oh, come *on!*  It's *appropriate!*"
	"Get outta here, Art-Smart Scarlet!  We got stuff to do!"
	Jane just smirked as she spoke into the bullhorn.  "Three...two...
one...GO!"  She tossed the bullhorn into the backseat of the Merc and 
jumps off the hood, joining Guy.  As Lynn and A.P. followed Jane off 
the car, the students headed into the school in pairs; Daria, Lynn, A.P. 
and Tom hung back a bit.  Daria and Tom looked at each other ever so 
briefly, then headed toward the school.  Lynn and AP shrugged and were 
starting to follow when they heard squabbling from behind them.
	They turned to see...O'Neill being bodily dragged toward the 
school by Barch, he looking mortified, she determined.  "But Janet, be 
*reasonable!*"  It's *exhibitionistic!*  It's...it's--"
	Bitter Pill stopped and rounded on him.  "I don't want to *hear* 
it, Skinny!  That man *swore* he had nothing against fraternization and 
dammit, I'm going to make that lying, cheating son of a--"
	"JANET!"
	"Oh, come *on*!  You joined in the *last* protest, *didn't* you?"
	Wimp-in-the-Willows was momentarily derailed.  "Well...yes.  
Yes I did.  But that was *different.*  There'll be impressionable..."  
Not listening, she dragged him on into the building.
	Lynn and A.P. shared a look.  "Do *you* want to know?" the Peril 
wondered.
	"I just wanna find a space as far away from *them* as I can while 
staying on school grounds."
	Lynn nodded emphatically, and they walked off.

				      * * *

Personally, I think "Justify My Love" or something off the "Sex" album 
would have been quite appropriate to this montage, but I don't know *any* 
Jesus and Mary Chain, except the interview where they said one of the 
band's members has *never* had sex indoors, so don't trust my judgment 
in the matter.
	Mr. Caldwell came out of his office into the hall and instantly 
facefaulted -- at the sight of Mack and Jodie, who looked rather *ahem* 
busy.  Caldwell went back into the room for a moment, came out holding 
a yardstick, and approached the happy couple, yelling his fool head off.  
The lip-lock continued -- their only acknowledgement of Caldwell's 
presence was Jodie's holding out a hand, palm up, in mute invitation 
for him to talk to it.  Caldwell turned brick red and yanked out a 
notepad, making a note...and his eye was caught by something or someone 
(names withheld to protect the uminnocent) that made him facefault even 
further.  He turned to Jodie and Mack again...then to the other parties 
(and I do mean "parties")...then made a gesture of frustration with his 
hands, one of which was still holding the yardstick, and ran off.
	Ms. Defoe and Mrs. Bennett walked into the art room, in mid-
conversation, and froze dead in their tracks.  Jane's red shirt was 
draped over a piece of the still-life set-up; she and Guy were sitting 
on another part of it, having rounded first base and looking like they 
were well on the way to second.  They broke off briefly and shot looks 
at the two teachers -- Bennett looked scandalized, Defoe gave a small 
smirk.  Jane waved cheerily at them both, Guy briefly rolled his eyes 
as who should say _A little privacy?_, and they went back to what they'd 
been doing before they were interrupted.  The Penny-Puncher was still 
frozen in her tracks.  The Dryad gently led her away, shutting the door 
behind them.
	The door of the English classroom burst open, and Caldwell was 
standing there.  He turned *deadly* pale and got wide-eyed, freezing 
in place for a moment...long enough for a familiar pale purple blouse 
to fly past his field of vision.  He hurriedly shut the door again.
	Out in the hall, a now-recovered Bennett opened a door to reveal 
a broom closet in which Lynn and A.P. were making out.  They broke off 
a kiss as the door opened, looking at Bennett for a moment.  Then Lynn 
gave a wide grin and shut the door in her face.
	Morris barged into the gym -- and froze dead, wanting to keel 
over and die and not much caring if it showed.  Despite herself, her 
gaze tracked across the gym, where at least ten couples -- Kevin and 
Brittany, Brooke and Joey, Tori and Jeffy, and Jack and the good Lynn 
among them -- were scattered across the bleachers and the mats on the 
floor, all so...busy...that they probably hadn't even noticed her.
	DeMartino entered the history classroom -- and his eyeball nearly 
achieved escape velocity.  Quinn and Ted were sprawled across his desk; 
Ted was fiddling with the hem of Quinn's T-shirt, obviously at least 
*considering* going for second.  Cyclops looked about ready to explode.  
Then, for reasons I'm not brave enough to ask him to explain, his face 
softened and he walked right back out again, shutting the door behind 
him.

				      * * *

Caldwell was moving down the hall at a pretty fair clip.  He approached 
a door, opened it (with a faint *creak*) and looked in.  "Joanne!  ROSE!  
EWWWW!"  SLAM!  Runrunrun.  Creak...  "MARK!  LUKE!  OHMYGODINHEAVEN!"  
SLAM!  Runrunrun.  Creak...  "Kim!  Hello *Kitty?!*  OHIMGONNABEILL!"  
SLAM!  Runrunrun.  Creak...  "Is no place *sacred?*" he groaned as he 
got a view into the teacher's lounge.  Then he realized something.  "And 
who the hell are *you?*"
	The Ruttheimer boy and some Goth-girl were sprawled out on the 
Salvation Army sofa.  The Chuckster's shirt was unbuttoned nearly to 
the waist; the girl's shirt, whose overgenerous neckline was (though 
the Nose didn't know it) typical for her, was askew, baring one shoulder, 
and her skirt (what there was of it, anyway) was hiked up to mid-thigh.  
"This *sucks,*" she sighed.  "Aren't there any janitor's closets in this 
place?"
	"Not nearly enough, my dear.  Rowr."
	The girl rolled her eyes.  "Well, want to go *find* one, or let 
this twink *stare* at us."  She considered that a moment, then observed, 
thoughtfully, "Though the exhibitionist thing *is* kinda...interesting..."
	Charles gave his usual leer-smirk.  "Whatever turns you on, my 
dark angel...And anyway, having *him* see us *is* the point of all this."
	She got a nearly identical leer-smirk, though coming from her, 
it somehow worked.  "Anything you say, Big Red..."  She wrapped her arms 
around his neck.
	Caldwell couldn't help staring.  "Big...Red?"
	The girl turned to Caldwell with a smirk.  "Guess what I mean 
by `Big'..."
	To their great surprise, the principal somehow managed to go 
paler than he already was.  "Nononononono!"  He slammed his way out as 
Mara pulled Upchuck down on the sofa.

				      * * *

In Caldwell's inner sanctum, Daria and Tom were sitting on Caldwell's 
desk, not looking at each other, their nerves obvious to any observer, 
hypothetical or otherwise.
	After a long, uncomfortable moment, Tom decided it needed to 
be said.  "He's...gonna come in here, you know."
	"I know."
	"If he does, I guess it would defeat the purpose of this to have 
us--"
	"I know."  A slight, *very* uncomfortable silence.
	Tom slammed a fist on the desk angrily.  "*Why* did it have to 
be *us?*"
	Daria shrugged.  "I guess because everyone else was paired off.  
And because no one in their right mind would want *me* that way unless 
held at gunpoint."
	"That's not true, Daria.  You're very attractive."
	A weak smirk.  "In the same way that Lynn is, I know.  But she 
has...well, something I'm lacking.  I--"
	"That's bull, Daria."  With that, for whatever reason, he grabbed 
her by the shoulders and kissed her deeply.  She tensed up for a moment, 
then responded in kind.
	He began to slide his fingers gently up her shoulders, trailing 
them along her neck, and she gave a sigh of utter contentment.  They 
broke for air, and he started kissing her neck.  She was totally lost 
to the sensation.  "Oh, Trent..."
	Caldwell barged in just as Tom was recoiling from the shock of 
that.  His entrance gave a nice excuse for the shocked expressions on 
both their faces.  The principal was breathing somewhat heavily.  "All...
RIGHT...you two.  You...Morgendorffer...are one of the most eloquent 
students *in* this school.  Maybe *you* can explain this...this...
hormonal *heyday* for me!"
	With a visible effort, Daria managed to regain her composure.  
"I believe I can, yes."  She handed him a slip of paper.  "Our manifesto, 
Mr. Caldwell."
	He grabbed the paper and scanned it, muttering a few salient 
phrases that caught his eye.  "Non-violent protest...unfairness of the 
three-foot rule..."  His eyes bulged slightly.  "`Love-In'..."  Gulp.  
"...until the matter is resolved to our satisfaction."  He took a moment 
to recover some of his composure, then looked at Daria.  "How many 
students have *signed* this?"
	Tom was now also calmed down.  "*All* of them, Mr. Caldwell."
	Caldwell looked at the duo with no little dismay.  They looked 
right back at him with iron calm.

_offices of Vitale, Davis, Horowitz, Riordan, Schrecter, Schrecter and 
Schrecter_

Marianne was typing madly, with Helen conspicuously absent; even for 
her, this was an unnaturally harried position.  The phone rang, and she 
picked it up.  "Helen Morgendorffer's office," she said, rather more 
shortly than she normally would.
	"Is this Helen Morgendorffer?" asked a man she didn't know.
	"Sorry," she replied, still typing feverishly, "but she's at 
a meeting with Mr. Schrect--"
	"I don't care if she's at a meeting with the President of the 
United *States!*  My name is Nathan Caldwell and I'm the principal at 
her daughters' school--"
	"In that case, I'm sorry but I'm going to have to recommend you 
call the girls' father.  Mrs. Morgendorffer is going to be unreachable 
by phone for much of today and it's more than my *life* is worth to 
interrupt *those* kinds of meetings.  Thank you and have a nice day."  
She hung up as abruptly as she could.

_Lawndale High_

Caldwell blinked at the payphone in the hall for a moment, then took 
another look at the page in the small black address book.  Then he put 
more change in the machine and dialed.
	Ring.  Ring.  Ring.  Ring.  Recorded voice.  "You have reached 
Jake Morgendorffer Consulting.  I'm unable to take your call just now..." 
A sudden burst of blind enthusiasm.  "...probably at another client lunch 
-- it's *great* to be busy again!  Jake Morgendorffer Consulting is 
*back!*  I..."  He regained his composure with an audible effort.  "If 
you'd like to leave a message, please do so at the sound of the..."
	"ARGH!"  Caldwell slammed the phone down.  He thumbed through 
the book again, inserted more change into the phone and dialed another 
number.
	Ring.  Ring.  Ring.  The Cullen girl's voice.  "You have reached 
the home of Lynn Cullen.  If you're calling about a date, pizza outing, 
band rehearsal or similar, please leave a message after the tone.  If 
you're looking for a missed homework assignment, trying to weasel a 
tutoring session out of me or can't seem to remember where the school 
is, please hang up and try someone who cares.  If you're looking for 
a parental figure, abandon hope all ye who enter here.  I'm eighteen 
so if you do try putting social services on me, you'll find some fairly 
unhappy civil servants who don't like their time wasted beating down 
your door very shortly thereafter."  *beeeeeeeeep*
	Caldwell hung up, rummaged through his pockets, added more 
change, found the number for the McIntyre boy's house and dialed it.  
Ring.  Ring.  Ring.  Ring.  Ring.  He was *just* about to hang up when 
somebody finally picked up.  "Hello?" a woman's voice asked at a vocal 
speed comparable to the Blum-Deckler girl's.
	"Mrs. McIntyre?  This is Nathan Caldwell from your son's school
...?"  He kind of trailed off, unsure how to put it delicately.
	From her end, there was also silence for a time.  A pause for 
thought?  "If Andrew blew something up in the lab again," Carol McIntyre 
said at length, "I think the school has our credit card number to pay 
for any damages.  If not, send a receipt and I'll have my husband look 
into it.  If Andrew hurt himself in gym class again, and if he's not 
conscious to give medical insurance information, the hospital should 
know.  If Andrew hurt someone *else* in gym class again, I don't think 
it was his fault.  He's just a little clumsy sometimes..."
	"No, Mrs. McIntyre, I--"
	"Otherwise, I guess you should speak to my husband.  Sorry to 
trouble you."
	"But *I* called Y--"  She hung up.  Caldwell dug through his 
pockets, found he was out of change and bit his lower lip.  He threw 
the address book across the hall, hitting the Thorne girl and her large 
blond boyfriend.  They broke off kissing for a moment to give him a 
matched set of glares, then resumed.  He let out a small involuntary 
sob and broke into a run.  Time enough to work out what he was getting 
away from later, when he was away from it.

				      * * *

Tom and Daria were still sitting side by side on Caldwell's desk, still 
not looking at each other.  Daria finally decided it was time to break 
the silence.  "That was...nice."
	"Y...yeah."  Tom thought a moment.  "Um, if you're worried...
I'm not going to say anything.  About...you know...what you said."
	She cut her eyes toward him very briefly.  "Don't make that kind 
of promise.  You have no idea how easy those ones are to break."
	"Not deliberately, then.  It's your business, to tell him or 
not."
	"Thank you."
	The door opened and Mr. Hopper entered, smirking widely.  Tom 
seemed astonished.  "Lehrer?"
	Piku piku.  "Lehrer?  But..."  Then it hit her.  _A codename._  
"Another *Smythe?*"  _Tom knowing, I'd almost adjusted to.  Jodie's 
suspicions, I was *getting* used to.  But *this,* on top of everything 
else -- this is like walking downstairs into the living room one day 
and finding James Bond and the President of the United States shooting 
it out with Dr. Fu Manchu and the five original Marx Brothers._
	Hopper's -- "Lehrer's" -- smirk widened slightly, which was all 
it could manage.  "By hire, not by blud," he said in his strong Northern 
British tones, "despite the accent.  Exiled British mathematician wi' 
warped sense of humour; the name fits.  Now if yeh'll excuse me, I have 
an annooncement to make to the rest of the school."  Daria and Tom nodded 
and made their departure.  Once they'd gone, Lehrer looked around the 
office with a wry little smile.

				      * * *

Daria and Tom came out the office door, in front of which Mack and Jodie 
were still making out.  The new arivals opted to ignore this, turning 
and walking down the corridor instead.  "`Exiled'?" Daria wondered.
	"He got into a bit of trouble on a London/Edinburgh run," Tom 
umexplained.  "It's probably better you don't know about that for now.  
It's in the past, anyway."
	Daria raised an eyebrow as if unaffected, but a little fear 
showed in her voice.  "Right."  Surprisingly enough, it only took her 
a moment to recover enough nerve to start saying something else.  "I--"
	And the PA clicked on.  "Guid afternoon, students," Lehrer said.  
"This is Jon Hopper, teacher of accelerated mathematics here at Lawndale 
High.  Nathan Caldwell, yuir principal, has agreed to rescind the three-
foot rule due to overwhelming student discontent."  Cheers broke out 
among the students lining the halls.  Daria and Tom shared a small smile. 
"On an unrelated note..."  There was a noise that could have been a 
suppressed snicker.  "...Mr Caldwell is taking a temporary leave of 
absence until the end of the autumn term.  Until then, it's my honour 
to take over as temporary principal.  And my first act as principal will 
be to declare this day a school holiday on the grounds that...well, it's 
a total loss, today, innit?  Thank you for yuir attention, and please 
feel free to take yuir snogging off school grounds -- the point has been 
more than adequately made.  Thank you."  The PA clicked off.
	Daria and Tom shared a look.  "Congratulations," said he.  "Once 
again, you've set the educational establishment on its head."  Daria 
shrugged and walked off.  Tom looked after her with no little concern.

				      * * *

Daria, Jane, Lynn, A.P. and Tom were sitting at a cafeteria table, Rust 
and the Erudite totally lost in their own thoughts.  A.P. looked around: 
GPA Girl and Picard had just entered the room, hand in hand; at a table 
a few rows down, Lobotomy Ken and Ponytail Barbie were kissing; Narcissa 
and Bubble Boy were laughing over some private joke at another table 
further on, his hand gently covering hers.  He turned to the others with 
a grin.
	Lynn spoke, with the air of one committing refcrime.  "`All is 
as it once was.'"
	A.P. felt his brow furrow.  "That sounds familiar.  Trek, right?  
That one about the time travel?  Classic stuff?"
	A nod.  "I *still* don't believe you remember stuff like that 
but can't remember a Shakespeare line if your life depended on it."
	*Big* grin.  "`But soft!  What light through yonder window breaks?
/It is the East, and Purple Peril is--'"
	Bap upside the head, blushing.  "Okay, okay, you made your point, 
shut up."
	Jane chuckled.  "But you *were* right.  Things *are* back to 
nor..."  She caught herself.  "...well, as normal as they ever *get* 
lately."
	"Oh, of course, but to admit that would involve showing some 
optimism and I can't bring myself to do that lightly."  She noticed her 
umsister's faraway look.  "Daria?"
	All circuits engaged.  "Mmm."
	Lynn frowned, then turned to Tom, glaring at him for a while.
	Eventually, he felt the glare and snapped out of it, a bit 
startled.  "Hmm?"
	Jane sounded a little accusatory.  "You two must have had some--"
	"We're not going there," Tom cut her off sharply.  He considered 
a moment, then added, "Let's just say that we're being quiet for entirely 
different reasons."  All three of them glared at him.  He got up and 
walked out of the cafeteria.
	They looked at him, a little stunned, then watched Daria for 
a moment.  Presently, she shook herself a little and mused, "`All is 
as it once was.'"  Lynn groaned and buried her head in her arms as Jane 
and A.P. laughed.  Daria blinked at this reaction.  "What?"

"I'm too sexy for this song."
	-- Right Said Fred

ADAPTOR'S NOTES
	I don't seem to have mentioned in public before (though I know 
I told Jan about it in email once) that I always thought of Caldwell 
(at least, once she provided a description of him) as basically Jeffrey 
Jones reprising the role of Ed Rooney.  I thought I'd mention it now, 
since this (as she would say) "looks like being" my last chance.
	The bit about grins that threaten to split the corners of one's 
mouth is another _Callahan's Key_ reference.  Apparently, if we can rely 
on Jake Stonebender's testimony, you really can do that, at least in 
a Long Island winter.
	Ben-san wa dai-H.  And remember: what do Hello Kitty, Richard 
Nixon and the Illuminati have in common?  Trust me, you don't want to 
know.  (From the "Grand Merchandisable Clash of Authors" ML)
	The line about James Bond and the Marx Brothers is taken from 
_The Eye in the Pyramid_, first book of the two Roberts' (Shea and Anton 
Wilson) _Illuminatus! Trilogy_, a very mind-blowing book which you ought 
to go and read now fnord.
	Obligatory legal blap: Daria Morgendorffer was created (as were 
the rest of the Lawndale characters) by Glenn Eichler and Susie Lewis 
Lynn, and she and her neighbors are copyright 1993, 1997, 2001 MTV 
Networks, a Viacom company.  (As Michelle Klein-Haess has pointed out, 
work-for-hire sucks the yolks from ostrich eggs.)  Monty Python quotes 
and characters are copright 1970, 2001 Python (Monty) Pictures Ltd.   
They are here used, without the permission of their creators or owners, 
in the not-for-profit context of fan-fiction.  The characters of Lynn 
Cullen, A.P.  McIntyre and (arguably) the rest of the Smythe Family are 
copyright 1999, 2001 by Janet "Canadibrit" Neilson.  This storyline is 
copyright 2001 Canadibrit and Ben Yee and was adapted by Austin Loomis 
(to whom the prose format version is also copyright 2001) with their 
permission.
	All other characters, locations and incidents (of which I don't 
think there are any, actually) are either imaginary or used fictitiously. 
Any coincidence of names is regretted, and any resemblance to persons 
living, dead, undead, or wandering the night in ghostly torment is either 
purely satirical or not my fault.
	As a "substantially transformative" derivative work, this story 
is protected by the Supreme Court's decision in re Campbell v. Acuff 
Rose Music.  It may be freely redistributed as long as this copyright 
notice is maintained intact, but may not be in any way redistributed 
for profit without the permission of the legal owners of all concepts 
involved.  The present author hereby gives permission for any and all 
keepers of Daria fanfic pages to archive this work (as if I could stop 
them).  Any publication of this story for profit without the express 
written permission of Austin Loomis, Janet Neilson, Ben Yee and MTV 
Networks (like any of that'll happen, especially the last) is strictly 
prohibited, and violators, if I ever decide to track them down, will 
be strung up by the thumbs, beaten about the head and shoulders with 
a free-range carrot, and then handed over to corporate lawyers who will 
do terrible things to them.  On purpose.

Austin, and good day.
Al D T0 W- Q Fw^Fr
O+ Ow+OH+Of m c- MV+
F:111,208,313,407,506 BB+ FCT -DT+ q fJ^fj^fD











Oh, and the answer to "what do Hello Kitty, Richard Nixon and the 
Illuminati have in common?" is that they all have their own groups in 
Usenet's alt.sex.* hierarchy.
	You think I'm kidding.
