_The Look-Alike Series_
Daria fan fiction by Canadibrit
Episode 5: "Trick-or-Trent"
prose adaptation by Austin Loomis
 
On a late October day in 1999, three young women were gathered in Jane 
Lane's room at Casa Lane.  Jane herself was pondering a blank canvas.  
Her first-ever friend, Daria Morgendorffer, was busy rummaging through 
Jane's shoebox full of CDs.  Daria's almost-twin, Lynn Cullen, was 
reading _Living with Your Attitude Problem: Why Everyone's Stupid But 
You_ -- presumably acquired from Subversion_Is_We -- and going over 
sections with a purple highlighter pen.
	"_The Black Album_?" Daria asked.
	"I don't know..." Jane shrugged.  "It's a classic, but no matter 
how cool an album is, it loses its charm after the first three million 
times you hear it."  She turned to Lynn.  "You're coming to my Halloween 
party, right?"
	"_Gish_?"
	Lynn looked up from her book.  "I refuse to listen to any 
Smashing Pumpkins album recorded before _Siamese Dream_.  Billy Corgan 
had *no* standards then."
	"So you're coming?" Jane confirmed, hoping she didn't sound as 
impatient for a reply as she felt.
	Daria continued vetting the music selections.  "_Portrait of 
an American Family_?"
	Lynn was starting to get bored.  "I don't think I'm in the mood 
to perpetuate the `I am a cynical, depressed freak, therefore I listen 
to Marilyn Manson' stereotype today.  I swear, if I ever go postal, I'll 
do it dressed skin-out in Tommy Hilfiger with the Spice Girls in my 
Walkman."  She turned to Jane.  "Sure.  It's either that or watch Mom 
eat trick-or-treaters. -- You think I'm kidding."
	"Hey, Jane, what happened to your Silverchair album?"
	"_Freakshow_?" Jane had to think a moment.  "Trent's got it. 
She felt her face going into one of her evil smirks.  "Why don't *you* 
go get it, Daria?"
	"One day, when you least expect it, I will gut you with your 
own palette knife.  You'll be sorry, but it will be too late."
	Jane maintained her smirk.  "I'll watch my back."
	Daria exited with a sigh.
	There was a moment's silence.
	"Lynn?" Jane asked hesitantly.
	Lynn didn't look up from her book.  "If you believe my birth 
certificate."
	"Could you help me come up with an idea for a Halloween costume?"
	"What happened to your creative edge?" Lynn wondered suspiciously.
	Jane shrugged.  "Dulled through overuse."
	That only made Lynn more suspicious, it seemed.  "Why me?"
	Jane shrugged.  "You're creative, you're smart, you know a lot 
about the dark side of pop culture..."
	"...I'm insane..."
	"And great with it?" Jane asked with a hopeful grin.
	Lynn thought the request over.  "Hmm..."
 
				      * * *
 
Jane's brother Trent was in his room, sprawled out on the bed, asleep.  
The door was wide open, but just to be polite, Daria knocked anyway.  
When Trent didn't stir, she hammered on the door.
	"Get away from me, man," he said drowsily, obviously caught in 
mid-dream; "I'm trying to *kiss* someone here!"  Then he woke up with 
a "Huh?"  And then he spotted her.  "Oh, hey, Daria," he said with a 
sleepy grin.
	Daria felt herself blushing.  "Hey.  Um...Jane sent me.  She 
wants her Silverchair CD back."
	"Cool."  He dug around on the floor for a few moments, then came 
up with the silvery platter and handed it over.  "Tell Janey I'm sorry 
about the bloodstain.  Had a little accident with Jesse's guitar.  Don't 
want to talk about it."
	Daria was confused, but decided not to press the issue.  "Um...
okay."  _Well, that's that._  "Thanks."  _Okay, feet, we can move toward 
the door now._  But they didn't.  _These boots were made for walking._  
So why weren't they acting like it?  _*Move,* damn it!_
	"Um...Daria?"
	She was surprised enough to answer him.  "What?"
	"Can I ask you about something?"
	She felt a truly furious blush coming on.
 
				      * * *
 
As they sat on Jane's bed, Lynn scribbled in her notebook.  "Okay, we've 
ruled out half my ideas because you want to show off your figure for 
a certain leather-clad guitarist.  You and Daria are as bad as each
other."
	"What about you and Max?"
	"I don't make an idiot of myself for *any* man.  Yet, anyway."
	"Yeah...well...don't rub it in."
	"You won't do Morticia Addams or Elvira because you're as 
disgusted by the cliche as I am, and you won't go as a vestal virgin 
because of some bizarre prejudice about wearing white that you don't 
want to talk about.  No wonder you can't think of anything."
	Jane shrugged.  "So, any other thoughts?"
	Lynn paused for thought.  "Well...you *could* go as Becky Bondage 
or someone..."
	"*Who?*"
 
				      * * *
 
Daria and Trent were sitting side-by-side on his bed, pretty close but 
not actually touching.  "You know Mystik Spiral's doing a set for this 
Halloween party Janey's having..."
	_SOE.  Save our eardrums._  "Cool."
	"Yeah, well, we want to go in matching costumes, but we don't 
want to do anything trite and corny like go as the Beatles or something."
	"Good thinking."  _Imagine the earthquakes caused by John Lennon 
spinning in his grave._  "You could go as the Three Musketeers."
	Trent seemed a bit confused by Daria's suggestion.  "But there 
are four of us."
	"There weren't only three Musketeers.  In fact, there were lots 
of them -- they served France as the King's personal guard.  And in the 
story, the Three Musketeers that were the main characters were joined 
by a fourth -- D'artagnan."
	"Really?  Cool.  What about the other three?"
	"There was Athos -- he was a bitter, hard man because he was 
ever pining for the one true love that betrayed him ... perhaps in 
practice for when she betrayed France years later."  She fell silent 
for a moment while Trent did one of his coughing laughs, then went on.  
"Porthos was known for his vast enjoyment of food and wine, and Aramis 
for his pursuit of anything wearing a skirt, a pretty face and impressive
...um..."  She trailed off, embarrassed and feeling herself blushing.
	Trent let her off the hook with a little grin.  "I get it. --   
What about D'artagnan?"
	Daria had to think a moment.  "Basically an overconfident kid 
with something to prove."
	Trent nodded.  "Cool.  Thanks, Daria.  You've really helped."
	Daria felt herself blushing even harder, getting really flustered 
now.  "Yeah...um...yeah.  See you."  She made her exit.
	Trent watched her leave with a little grin on his face.
 
				      * * *
 
Jane sketched a vague figure with angular hair wearing a really punk 
outfit.  "So I should go as a punk chick?"
	"Yeah, but a *casual* punk chick.  The leather-wear required 
for a Becky Bondage outfit is prohibitively expensive.  You've got the 
hair for it anyway.  Maybe spray-paint it a weird color."
	Daria entered just then, looking flustered and blushing.
	"Hey, Daria!" Jane teased her friend.  "How did it go?  Or should 
I ask, how *far* did it go?"
	"Go to Hell, Lane," Daria replied coolly.
	"Been there, done that, didn't want me, sent me back. -- So what 
are *you* two wearing for Halloween?"
	In unison, the look-alikes shrugged and replied, "I'll think 
of something."  They looked at each other and shrugged again, then Daria 
put the Silverchair CD she'd just recovered into Jane's CD player and 
pressed Play, swinging the song "Freak" into motion.
 
				      * * *
 
In "Lawndale after Midnight," the rather drebley-named Goth shop on Dega 
Street, Daria watched as a sales assistant put a black velvet cloak with 
a green satin lining into a bag for her.  She walked out.
	Unbeknownst to her, but beknownst to us, Lynn emerged from a 
back room an instant later, carrying a nearly-identical black velvet 
cloak, this one with purple satin lining.
 
				      * * *
 
Anyone coming into Trent's room would have seen Jane's boots protruding 
from under bed.  She emerged holding a red T-shirt and a large pair of 
scissors and grinned evilly.
 
				      * * *
 
Trent and his Mystik Spiral bandmates -- Jesse "Cool" Moreno, Nick "Proud 
Papa" Campbell and Max "Criminale" Tyler -- were in Angelique's, the 
costume shop a few doors down Dega Street from Lawndale after Midnight.  
Four boxes were stacked on the counter.  The band pooled their money, 
digging tattered bills and assorted change out of various pockets.  The 
man behind the counter looked on in resigned annoyance.
 
				      * * *
 
Lynn came out of a changing booth wearing a long flowing black skirt 
and the kind of white peasant blouse that needs a half-corset over it.  
She surveyed herself in the three-way mirror, decided she liked what 
she saw, then went back in.  Daria stepped out of another changing booth 
a moment later, wearing the same get-up.
 
				      * * *
 
Some more clothes flew out of Jane's closet, then they subsided, and 
a rumpled Jane emerged, bearing a black leather miniskirt and wearing 
a triumphant smirk.
 
				      * * *
 
Trent pulled a last bill out of his pocket.  His triumphant grin was 
a lot like the one Janey was wearing at about that moment.  The salesman 
looked relieved as each Spiraller took a box and all four left the shop.
 
				      * * *
 
Daria's search for pieces of her costume had taken her to the "Leather 
and Lycra" shop at the Mall of the Millennium (the world's second- or 
third-largest mall).  She perused corsets, finally selecting a soft suede 
half-corset in forest green.  And not a moment too soon -- her shopping 
was interrupted just then by a *very* familiar shriek.  "What do you 
*mean* there's none with a British flag design?  This is *Halloween!*  
I want everything about my costume to be *perfect!*"
	Daria sighed and moved towards the cash registers, where her 
airheaded younger sister Quinn was pestering a sales clerk -- a "cute" 
boy of perhaps 17.  She was going incognito, wearing sunglasses and with 
her hair tucked up in a baseball cap -- a look Daria didn't see very 
often, most memorably when Quinn had been trying to avoid attention after 
the _Lowdown_ printed her essay "Academic Imprisonment."
	"Look, just see if you can find me one with sequins on it."
	"Of course!" said the sales kid, obviously infatuated.  "Right 
away!"  He sprinted off.  Daria shook her head in disgust.  Quinn finally 
noticed that her "cousin" had showed up.  "Oh, God, not *you!*  That's 
*all* I need today!  *Nothing's* going right!"
	Daria sighed.  "Don't worry, Quinn.  I'm not here to check up, 
follow you around or cramp your `style,' for lack of a better word for 
how you are.  I'll finish paying for this and then I will leave you to 
wallow in your own shallow world."
	"What's *this?*"  Quinn grabbed the half-corset from a *very* 
annoyed saleslady.  "Daria!" she said incredulously.  "What *are* you 
buying?" she smirked.  "And how do you think you'll get away with 
*wearing* it?  I mean, *look* at you!"
	Daria, steaming, decided to change the subject by needling her 
sister.  "A sequin-covered corset, Quinn?  Don't they kick you out of 
the Fashion Club for such transgressions against your petty obsessions 
with Capri pants and anything bearing a designer label?"
	Quinn sounded annoyed as she explained, "*Sandi's* making the 
whole *club* go to the Lawndale Halloween Haunt as the Spice Girls.  
I told her they were *out,* but she wouldn't *listen* and made me dress 
as Ginger Spice.  Damn red hair."
	"Nothing a bottle of Clorox wouldn't fix."  She took the bag 
with her purchase, collected her change, and turned to go, but couldn't 
resist firing a parting shot over her shoulder.  "Hey, Quinn...Ginger 
isn't *in* the Spice Girls anymore."  After a suitably loaded pause, 
she finished the thought.  "I wonder if Sandi's trying to tell you 
something."  With that, Daria left.
	Quinn was worried and annoyed.  True, Sandi *did* seem to feel 
that her position as president of the Fashion Club was threatened by 
Quinn's continuing as vice-president.  Then the sales kid came back with 
a devoted-puppy look in his eye.  "I found your corset!  And may I say 
how great I think it'll look on you!  Most girls just don't have what 
it takes to wear sequins, but you..."  He blew kisses up at the sky.  
"Bella, bella!"
	As usual, flattery sent Quinn's worries out the window.  "Really? 
I'll take it!"  She held up a credit card.  As the sales kid did all 
the verifying malarkey, Quinn turned to look over the store's patrons 
and saw that Lynn Cullen girl picking up a purple version of Daria's 
half-corset.  "Oh, God, not *again!*"  She hastily scrawled her signature 
on the transaction confirmation slip, grabbed her shopping and dashed 
back out.  "Geeks and brains, geeks and brains *everywhere!  I can't 
take it!*"
	Lynn looked after her curiously for a moment, then just shrugged 
and went forward to the cashiers.
 
				      * * *
 
Daria was flipping through CDs in "Sound By The Pound" when Lynn came 
up beside her.  "Hi, Daria.  Pumping money into the music industry, I 
see."
	"And every other one.  What else are teenagers good for in the 
eyes of the economy?"
	"Causing shrinkage in some cases.  Making up for the shortfall 
caused by shrinkage in others.  Creating a market for really stupid crap 
no one in their right mind would buy all around. -- So what'd you get?"
	"Stuff for my costume," Daria replied, a little embarrassed.  
"You?"
	"The same," Lynn answered in turn, equally embarrassed to judge 
from her behavior.  "See you, then."
	"Yeah."
	"Yeah.  See you."  And Lynn was gone.
	"I have a bad feeling about this."
 
				      * * *
 
In her room, Quinn was wearing the corset, a green Lycra mini-skirt and 
a really stupid pair of strappy high heels.  Quinn was practicing her 
Spice Girl moves, trying to sing along with "Wannabe" -- excruciatingly 
badly -- and looking at herself from all angles.  "o/~ If you wanna be 
my lover... o/~"  She tried a dance step and fell over.  "Ow! God!"
	"Um...Quinn?"
	Quinn looked up at Daria, her eyes going up from the floor.  
She hadn't ditched her boots, but she still looked stunning in the 
medieval vampire-style outfit.  Once Quinn's gaze got to her sister's 
face, she saw that Daria hadn't abandoned her glasses either.  "D...
Daria?" Quinn was stunned almost to speechlessness.
	Daria ignored her sister's reaction.  "I never thought it would 
come to this, and every fiber of my being rebels against doing it, but," 
she sighed, "I need to borrow some of your makeup."
	Quinn was still too stunned to react properly.  "Sure.  Help 
yourself."
	Daria picked up a few things from Quinn's makeup center -- "The 
Temple of Groom" as she called it -- while Quinn just stared at her, 
slack-jawed.  "I'll get the rest from your medicine cabinet.  Um...
thanks."  She turned to go.
	The time it had taken her to pick up those items, however, gave 
Quinn time to recover her usual bounce.  "Of course, if you *really* 
want to do that outfit justice, you'll *have* to lose the glasses.  I 
*know* the contacts burn your eyes, but it's only for a few hours, and 
anyway, beauty is pain! -- Oh, and then you'll *have* to do something 
with your hair to properly frame your new face -- right now it looks 
so...so *you* and..."
	"Ugh!"  Daria ran for the door.
	"Daria, *wait!*" Quinn implored after her.  "Let me *help!*  
Let me *save* you from yourself!"
 
				      * * *
 
In the upstairs bathroom of Morgendorffer Home Base, Daria had put on 
the makeup and was about to put her glasses back on to survey the result 
properly when one of her lesser nightmares came true: she heard Quinn's 
voice inside her head.
	_Of course, if you *really* want to do that outfit justice, 
you'll *have* to lose the glasses._  She told herself that hearing voice-
overs is a sign of insanity, but it didn't help.
	Then, worse yet, she heard *Trent's* voice inside her head, from 
when she wasn't wearing glasses.  _Hey, Daria!  Looks good!_
	She sighed and opened the medicine cabinet.  The contact lens 
case, sitting there next to her lonely toothbrush on the bottom shelf, 
seemed to be staring at her.
 
				      * * *
 
In the Cullen bathroom, Lynn, wearing an outfit identical to Daria's 
except for the color of its accessories (the half-corset, the lining 
of the cloak and the faux gemstone holding that cloak clasped), bounced 
her own contact lens case up and down in her palm.  "Ah well," she sighed 
at length.  "Pain is so *very* Gothick.  Here's glass and chemicals in 
your eye."
 
				      * * *
 
The girl in the black cloak rang the Lanes' front doorbell.  Jane opened 
the door, revealing her costume -- her faithful fireman's boots, a pair 
of fishnet stockings and a garter-belt, the black leather miniskirt, 
a belt made of old bullet casings, a now-extremely-shredded red T-shirt 
held together with safety pins, more safety pins in her ears taking the 
place of her usual earrings, and red spray in her hair.  "Wow, Daria!" 
she said, sounding genuinely impressed.
	Daria, in her Gothick dress with the green trim, remarked, "Love 
the shirt.  Recent mauling?"
	"Ha, ha," Jane replied snidely.  "Someone step on your glasses?"  
Then she wondered mischievously, "Or did you want to earn another `looks 
good' from Trent?"
	Daria blushed -- *that* shot had hit a little too close to home.  
"I'll rip your earrings out one day, Lane.  Just see if I don't."
	Jane grabbed Daria's hand and bodily dragged her into the house.  
There were only a few people in the living room, most of them older -- 
Trent's friends, Daria assumed.  Mystik Spiral was setting up at one 
end of the living room, wearing Three Musketeers outfits.  Daria was 
surprised.  "Wow.  They actually did it."
	"Well, Trent keeps going on about being Athos and pining away 
for some woman."  She smirked.  "Wonder who he means."  Daria blushed, 
her blush deepening when Jane yelled at the band, "*Hey, Trent!  Daria's 
here!*"
	Trent broke off from the rest of the band and came over to the 
two of them.  "Hey, Janey.  Hey, D-nrgh!"  His eyes widened as he stared 
at Daria for a moment.  Then, without another word, he wandered away.  
Daria was strangely perturbed by this turn of events.
	"Well," Jane braced her friend and perhaps herself, "you made 
an impression anyway."  She noticed the expression on Daria's face.  
"Hey, don't worry!  `Nrgh' is a *good* thing."
	Daria wasn't convinced, but the ringing doorbell saved her from 
having to comment on the matter.  "I'll get it.  It'll probably be my 
only chance tonight to show my face to someone who *didn't* see that 
humiliating development."  She opened the door and looked out.  "Happy-
crappy-Hallow..."  She trailed off, seeing Lynn standing there in her 
almost-identical outfit.  "Oh, God..."
	There was a rather long and extremely embarrassed silence, which 
Lynn finally, tentatively broke.  "...Great minds think alike?"  At the 
back of her mind, Lynn heard Graham Chapman as Brian Cohen shouting "You 
are all individuals!" and the people of Judea replying, in perfect sheep-
like unison, "We are all individuals."
	"It really can't get any worse."
	"You should know better than to say that.  The moment you insist 
it can't get any worse, some Groucho Marx of a God points at you and 
says, `Oh yeah?'"
 
				      * * *
 
In the Lawndale High gymnasium, the Lawndale Halloween Haunt was in full 
swing.  "When the Lights Go Out," by British boy-band Five, was playing.  
The obligatory pumpkins and whatnot were hanging everywhere.  The Fashion 
Club were standing by the punch bowl in their Spice Girls costumes -- 
president Sandi Griffin was Sporty, coordinating officer Tiffany Blum-
Deckler was Posh, and secretary Stacy Rowe was Baby.
	"Of *course* I'm not trying to get you out of the Fashion Club, 
*Quinn,*" Sandi insisted with her usual smarm.  "If you'd stop being 
so *paranoid,* you'd realize that I was *trying* to use our natural 
*attributes* in our costumes."
	"I realize that, Sandi, but..." Quinn was mercifully interrupted 
by a piercing shriek directed from head cheerleader and living pudding 
Brittany Taylor to her boyfriend, quarterback and sieve Kevin Thompson, 
who'd persisted in wearing his football uniform as usual.  Brittany was 
dressed as Juliet, and was reminding Kevin, "You *promised* me you'd 
come as *Romeo,* you...you..."  Vocabulary failed her.  "...non-truth-
teller!"
	Kevin went instantly defensive.  "But *babe!*"  He lowered his 
voice.  "I *saw* that costume.  I would have had to wear *tights!*  I 
mean, that's a little...twisted!"
	"*That's* no excuse!  *Mack* wore tights for *Jodie!*"  She waved 
an arm to indicate where Lions captain Michael Jordan Mackenzie and his 
girlfriend, superstudent Jodie Abigail Landon, were standing side-by-
side, dressed as Robin Hood and Maid Marian and looking *very* fed up 
with the whole thing.
	"Jane's having a party," Mack told Jodie.  "Want to crash?"
	"What I want," she replied, "is to go *anywhere* away from here." 
They turned and walked away.  The Fashion Club saw this, then turned 
to watch Kevin being pummelled by Brittany.
	As serenely and wisely as she could manage while being herself, 
Quinn remarked, "I don't think we should fight anymore, Sandi.  See how 
*embarrassing* it can be?"
	Sandi glowered, but brightened when a blond boy in a Phantom 
of the Opera costume and mask -- probably good-looking, if his chin was 
any indication -- wandered over to them.  In her most flirtatious tones, 
she said, "Well, *hello.*"
	"Good evening, ladies," said the Phantom, then focused on Quinn.  
"My dear Ginger vixen, are you here alone, or will I have to retain your 
affections over someone's dead body?"
	Quinn giggled.  "Well, I *am* with my friends."
	"Well, that's fine.  I do so hate having to embarrass little 
boys.  May I have the honor of this dance, dearest Ginger?"
	"Okay..."  The smitten Quinn took the hand he offered.  He kissed 
her hand, then spun her smoothly into his arms.  Somehow, she'd managed 
to work out dancing in her silly shoes.  Sandi glowered some more as 
the Phantom guided Quinn deftly away onto the dance floor.
 
				      * * *
 
Trent stared at his reflection in the bathroom mirror.  He looked dazed  
and goofy but happy with it.  "Wow," he philosophized.  "That's no kid, 
no matter what age she is. -- Tonight.  I'll tell her tonight. -- Now 
how the hell do I *do* that?"
 
				      * * *
 
In the living room, the music played on.  Jane was laughing at Lynn and 
Daria's matching costumes.  Both glowered at her, but their identical 
expressions of irritation only served to amuse Jane further, making her 
laugh all the harder.
 
				      * * *
 
In his room, Trent pulled a six-pack of beer out of his closet, grabbed 
a can off the rings and opened it.  He stared at it for a moment, deep 
in thought.  Then he started thinking out loud.  "`I've been watching 
you, you know.'"  He took a swig of beer.  "Nah, that's lame."  Swig.  
"`Nice shoes, wanna...'"  He shook his head.  "Nope, that only works 
on net.goths."  Swig.
 
				      * * *
 
As Oasis' "Wonderwall" played, Quinn was still dancing with the Phantom.  
"You're *such* a good dancer.  Why won't you tell me your name?"
	"Unmasking at eleven, sweet Ginger.  Have patience."
	"But I can't *be* here at eleven!  I'll never know *who* you 
are if you don't tell me!"
	"You'll see me again, fair Ginger.  Until then, let the mystery 
add to the excitement."
	Quinn was a little confused, but she decided not to press the 
issue, and they kept dancing.
 
				      * * *
 
Trent was drinking his third can of beer; two empties were lying on the 
floor.  `"Worship me!'"  Swig.  "Nah."  Swig.  "`I keep all of my most 
important poems and drawings in this little book.  And I'd like you to 
have it because they're mostly about you.'"  Swig.  "I don't *have* a 
book like that. -- I could give her that pizza box with those song lyrics 
on it...nah."  Swig.  "`Although you seem content, you also seem quite 
alone over here.  Can I interrupt your reverie?'"  Swig.  "But she'd 
probably say `no.'"  He drained the can, tossed it over his shoulder 
and opened a new one.  "Damn, this is hard."
 
				      * * *
 
"o/~ For tonight/Is the night/When two become one... o/~"
	Sandi glared, Tiffany had her usual blank look, and Stacy looked 
rapturously pleased as the Phantom dipped a laughing Quinn.  "Don't they 
make a cute couple?" she gushed.
	"One more word out of you, Stacy," Sandi's deep voice took on 
a warning tone, "and you're on fashion sabbatical."
	"Eep!"
	"You're wonderful!" Quinn said, surprised that she could say 
this to a guy and mean it.
	"As are you, fair Ginger," the Phantom replied.  "I worship you, 
my vixen.  Say you'll be mine."
	Quinn was taken aback.  "What, you mean like going steady?"
	"A crude term, but it will serve."
	"I don't know...it's a big decision and I need time...can I tell 
you for sure when I find out your name?"
	"Do names matter so much to you?"
	"No..." she said slowly.  "It's just that I only just met you
...as far as I know, anyway...and I don't want to rush into anything.  
Although I like you and everything."
	"For a fair word from you, I would hold back Armageddon."
	Quinn sighed and beamed as she leaned her head on the Phantom's 
shoulder.
 
				      * * *
 
Trent was on the last can of the six-pack, and the effects were starting 
to show.  "`How about you, me, some 20-year-old Scotch whiskey and some 
jumper cables?'"  Pause.  Swig.  "God, not for Daria.  She'd hit me."  
He drained the can, tossed it, reached for a new one and was surprised 
to find none there.  With a sigh, he stood up.  "This is it, man.  Now 
or never.  Eyes on the prize."  He ambled out of his room and went 
downstairs.  As he reached the foot of the stairs, he saw a brunette 
with a black cloak move into the kitchen and out the back door.  He 
followed her into the backyard, where she was standing in a line of light 
cast from the open back door.  His shadow fell on her as he said, quickly 
and loudly, "I'm falling in love with you, Daria."
	She wheeled around.  Trent noticed that she didn't seem to have 
any bangs and her face was a different shape...and then he saw the purple 
cape lining and half-corset and realized what had happened.  His face 
took on a rabbit- or maybe deer-caught-in-headlights look before Lynn 
spoke.  "Um...trick or treat?"
	"Oh, crap."  He turned, nearly falling over in his haste and 
semi-drunk state, and ran back into the house.  Lynn heard footsteps 
pounding on the stairs and then the door to his room slamming.  After 
a respectful pause, she observed, "That would be `trick,' then."
	Jane's shadow -- she could tell by the hair -- fell over Lynn's 
face.  "Hey, have you seen Trent anywhere?  The band wants to start and 
they can't play without him."
	For a moment, Lynn actually considered telling Jane what had 
just happened, then thought better of it.  She shrugged and brushed past 
Jane into the house.
 
				      * * *
 
The next day in the hallway, the three of them were hanging around 
Daria's locker as usual, listening to Jane relate the rest of the night's 
events.  "So Trent got really blitzed and passed out before the party 
even started.  That's not like him, but Jesse says he's depressed about 
not getting that decent gig over at Swedesville."
	"Is he okay?" Daria asked.
	"Kicking himself for drinking so much...when he's not puking 
his guts out, that is.  That'll teach him."
	Lynn raised her eyebrows.  "I'm sure it will."
	Quinn and the rest of the Fashion Club wandered by.  Quinn was 
carrying a red rose.  "And even though I couldn't give him an answer 
straight away, he said he understood and went away and then this morning 
there was this *red rose* in my locker!  I mean, how romantic is that?"
	"Oh, very," Stacy said dreamily.  "It couldn't have happened 
to a nicer person, Quinn."
	Sandi's voice took on a nasty edge.  "I suppose that now that 
you have a secret admirer or something, you think you're that much better 
than the rest of us."
	"I don't think I'm better than you, Sandi," Quinn said, actually 
meaning it.  "I just think I'm really lucky.  I mean, here's this guy 
and he's really cute and really nice and has a really good way with words 
and he wants to go out with me."  She sighed.  "I just wish I knew his 
name."
	"Well, that tears it," Daria muttered.  "Now that she's got a 
secret admirer, she'll be more insufferable than ever before.  However 
hard that is for me to imagine.  Wonder who he is, though."
	"Jealous much?" Jane asked mockingly.  After a beat, she added 
reassuringly, "Don't worry; I'm sure someone out there admires you too
...someone not unrelated to a certain artist and pizza fiend you know 
and love to hate."  She smirked.  "Right, Lynn?"
	"Maybe," Lynn replied evasively.  "I wouldn't be at *all* 
surprised."  _But if he plans to do anything about it, he's going to 
have to speak for himself._
 
THE END
 
ADAPTOR'S NOTES
	_The Deeper Meaning of Liff_, by Douglas Adams and John Lloyd, 
defines a "drebley" as a "name for a shop which is supposed to be witty 
but is in fact wearisome, e.g. `The Frock Exchange,' `Hair Apparent,' 
etc."  It's technically a noun, but I use it here as an adjective.
	"Angelique's" is a sideways nod to "Josette's," a costume shop 
on the Mississippi Gulf Coast, by way of _Dark Shadows_.
	"Cohen" is Brian's surname from _Monty Python's Life of Brian_.
Or so my junkheap memory tells me, anyway.
	Obligatory legal blap: Daria Morgendorffer was created (as were 
the rest of the Lawndale characters) by Glenn Eichler and Susie Lewis 
Lynn, and she and her neighbors are copyright 1993, 1997, 2000 MTV 
Networks, a Viacom company.  (As Michelle Klein-Haess has pointed out, 
work-for-hire sucks the yolks from ostrich eggs.)  Monty Python quotes 
and characters are copright 1970, 2000 Python (Monty) Pictures Ltd.  
Lyrics off the album _Spice_ are copyright 1996 to someone, but I don't 
care enough to find out whom.  They are here used, without the permission 
of their creators or owners, in the not-for-profit context of fan-fiction.
The character of Lynn Cullen is copyright 1999, 2000 Janet "Canadibrit" 
Neilson, as is this storyline, which was adapted by Austin Loomis (to 
whom the prose format version is copyright 2000) with permission.
	All other characters, locations and incidents (of which I don't 
think there are any, actually) are either imaginary or used fictitiously. 
Any coincidence of names is regretted, and any resemblance to persons 
living, dead, undead, or wandering the night in ghostly torment is either 
purely satirical or not my fault.
	As a "substantially transformative" derivative work, this story 
is protected by the Supreme Court's decision in re Campbell v. Acuff 
Rose Music.  It may be freely redistributed as long as this copyright 
notice is maintained intact, but may not be in any way redistributed 
for profit without the permission of the legal owners of all concepts 
involved.  The present author hereby gives permission for any and all 
keepers of Daria fanfic pages to archive this work (as if I could stop 
them).  Any publication of this story for profit without the express 
written permission of Austin Loomis, Janet Neilson and MTV Networks (like 
any of that'll happen, especially the last) is strictly prohibited, and 
violators, if I ever decide to track them down, will be strung up by 
the thumbs, beaten about the head and shoulders with a free-range carrot, 
and then handed over to corporate lawyers who will do terrible things 
to them on purpose.
 
Austin, and good day.
