_The Look-Alike Series_
Daria fan fiction by Canadibrit
Season 2, episode 3: "Miss Conception"
prose adaptation by Austin Loomis

"A friend in need's a friend indeed, a friend who bleeds is better
My friend confessed she passed the test and we will never sever"
	-- Placebo, "Pure Morning"

ACT 1: YOU STUPID GIRL

"You don't believe in fear, you don't believe in pain
You don't believe in anyone that you can't tame"
	-- Garbage, "Stupid Girl"

Outside the Cullen residence that morning, the sun was shining and a 
solitary bird was twittering.  For a moment, all was peaceful.  Then 
the quiet was shattered, in a local area, by the opening chords of 
"Everything Zen" by Bush.
	In the Chamber of Dark Mysteriousness, otherwise known as Lynn 
Cullen's room, a tiny shaft of light filtered through a gap between the 
heavy dark curtains...enough to let a hypothetical observer (hi!) see 
the lump of covers on the bed shift slightly.  From under those covers,
a groggy, muffled voice made a noise that might best be transcribed as 
"Aw..."  An arm groped out from underneath the covers, finally finding 
a slim remote control resting on the bedside table.  The arm patted the 
surface of the table a few times, fumbled the remote, then grabbed it 
securely.  Lynn Cullen, owner of the arm, sat up, aiming the remote in 
her hand at her stereo and turning the music down.  She set the remote 
back on the table and just sat there for a moment, blinking sleepily.  
Then her face took on a greenish cast, and she scrambled out of bed and 
bolted out of the room with her hand over her mouth, down the hall to 
be rather violently sick.

				      * * *

Later that morning, Daria Morgendorffer, Lynn's look-alike, and A.P. 
McIntyre, who had once been Lynn's boyfriend and was now, apparently, 
Daria's, were walking the halls of Lawndale High side by side.  They 
weren't holding hands or anything, but they were close enough for their 
shoulders to brush occasionally.  They stopped for Daria to open her 
locker, and A.P. continued his narrative.  "So she called this morning 
to ask if my mom could call her in sick.  She *must* be bad off; Purple 
Peril usually has to be on her deathbed before she admits she's sick."
	"Did she say what was wrong with her?" Daria wondered.
	"Stomach problems."
	"Yeah, well, it's been going around.  Jane was down with it the 
other day -- it's a pretty nasty virus."
	As if summoned by the mention of her name, their artist friend 
Jane Lane, the non-field-jacketed member of the Flack-Jacket Mafia, came 
onto the scene.  "So where's Lynn?"
	"Fighting to keep her own stomach lining down, apparently," A.P. 
observed.
	Daria started to turn greenish, as if trying to match her jacket 
(or possibly her codename) better.  "That was a little more information 
than we really needed, thanks, A.P."
	"So who called her in sick?" Jane wondered.  "I thought her mom 
was in L.A. this week."
	"She is," A.P. confirmed.  "My mom called in for her."
	"She'd do that?"
	"For Lynn, yes.  It's long-standing tradition.  My mom's used 
to the situation at Chez Cullen by now."
	Daria shut her locker, and the threesome started down the hall 
again, Daria now flanked by Jane and A.P.  "Do you think we should check 
up on her?"
	"*I* should," Jane replied.  "You two have so far escaped the 
dreaded stomach bug and you don't want to expose yourselves to it.  
Whereas I've already had it."
	"Yeah," A.P. allowed as, "I guess someone has to do the tea and 
toast routine."  He turned to Daria.  "Hey, the dollar theatre's showing 
_Dogma_.  Want to go?"
	Daria blushed.  "Okay."  Then her face took on a stern air.  
"So long as no automotive vehicles are involved."
	A.P. blushed at the reminder of the motoring mishap he'd gotten 
them both into.  Jane smirked evilly.

				      * * *

The front door of Chez Cullen opened, and Lynn stood there in black and 
white checked boxer shorts, purple fluffy slippers, and her gray "F*** 
'Em & Their Law" T-shirt.  She looked a bit pale, but more frightened 
than sick.  She warily studied the figure that awaited her, then greeted 
it with a tentative "Hey, Jane."
	Jane gave Lynn a concerned look.  She knew, from words exchanged 
after the silent protest, that Lynn wore that top when she was feeling 
particularly down.  "Yo.  Just checking to make sure you haven't puked 
your guts out or anything."
	That met with a weak smile.  "No, nothing like that.  I've only 
been sick once, really.  Now I just feel...weird."  She looked worried 
and evasive.
	Art-Smart Scarlet shot her a suspicious look.  "So...can I come 
in?  Trent's shaking plaster off the ceiling in the basement and Daria 
and A.P. are out on a date.  They're being unbelievably soppy."  Lynn 
raised an eyebrow at the notion of the words "Daria" and "soppy" being 
used that close together.  "Well, for Daria, anyway."
	Lynn sighed.  "Sure.  Even *your* company is better than soap 
operas and talk shows."
	"Thanks.  I'll try not to let your ever-eloquent praise go to 
my head."

				      * * *

Outside the Playhouse 90, Daria and A.P. were standing in line for 
tickets.  "So you know Kevin Smith films..." Daria noted; "how do you 
think this one will rate?"
	"Well..." A.P. mused, "it's never gonna beat _Clerks_, but 
anything that pokes as much fun at the church establishment as *this* 
movie promises to has got to be interesting at the very least."
	"If only to see what precautions they've taken to avoid outright 
blasphemy and how many religious groups try to get the thing banned."
	A.P. laughed at that, and Daria smirked.  Then they heard a 
familiar pair of voices from behind them.  Actually, they heard half 
the pair first, reading the poster almost letter-by-letter.  "Um..._Dog...
Ma_."  Kevin Thompson thought about this a moment; thankfully, at least 
for him, he stopped before it started to hurt.  "Oh, hey, cool, babe!  
Dogs!"
	"Oh, like Lassie!" Brittany Taylor squeaked.  "I *love* Lassie; 
he's so *cute!*"  Daria and A.P. rolled their eyes.  And then, of course, 
this being that kind of a planet, Lobotomy Ken and Ponytail Barbie 
noticed Daria and A.P.  "Oh, *hi,* Daria!  Did you come to see the doggie 
movie too?"
	_Here we go again,_ Daria sighed inwardly as she turned to face 
her interlocutor.  "Brittany, this movie doesn't have any dogs in it."
	"Boy, Daria," Kevin cheerfully replied, "for a brain, you sure 
are dumb sometimes.  It says right here."  He pointed at the movie 
poster.  "`Dog-Ma.'"
	"Kevin, dogma is *one* word.  It means the laws of the Church."
	Kevin thought that one over -- to coin a cliche, Daria could 
almost hear the gears grinding and smell the smoke.  "Oh.  Then, this 
movie's gonna be, like, monks and stuff?  And that old guy in the funny 
hat?"
	Daria sighed, out loud this time.  "No, Kevin."  She, in turn, 
indicated the poster, with Matt Damon and Ben Affleck under the caption 
GET TOUCHED BY AN ANGEL.  "See the guys with the wings and haloes?  It's 
about angels."
	There was another pause as Kevin thought *that* one over.  "Oh," 
he said at length, then turned to Brittany.  "That kinda sounds like 
it's gonna suck, babe."
	"There's a stripper in it," A.P. informed him matter-of-factly.  
"And one of the angels packs a *very* big gun."
	This necessitated *another* brief intermission (during which 
small ice-creams in very large boxes will be sold) for Kevin's brain 
to take in new information, something it can only do so much of at once.  
At length, the processing was complete.  "Really? -- *Cool!*"
	"Ick!" Brittany icked, then turned to Daria.  "Guys are so...
like...*icky* sometimes, aren't they, Daria?"
	Daria looked taken aback, in her own quiet understated way.  
"Brittany," she asked incredulously, "are you trying to talk to me about 
boyfriends?"
	Brittany did what she does best -- twirled a ponytail around 
her little finger.  "Well, sure!  I mean, that A.P. guy *is* your 
boyfriend, isn't he?"
	"In a way...yes," Daria blushed.
	"He *is!*  I have something in common with a *brain!*  We both 
have *boyfriends!* -- Does he put his hands up your bra all the time?" 
she asked curiously.  "Because Kevvie says *all* guys do that and he 
does it a *lot* and--"
	"Brittany?" Daria interrupted.
	Brittany twirled her other ponytail.  "Yes?"
	"No offense, but I'm not touching this conversation.  I just 
want to go on my date and be left alone.  So I'd appreciate if you and 
Kevin could go...do whatever it is you two do on a date and let me go 
back to my own."
	"Okay!" Brittany replied, seemingly unfazed, and stepped back 
toward Kevin.
	A.P. resumed his place at Daria's side.  "Well handled, Erudite 
Emerald!"
	"I think I've just proven that ignorance really is bliss," Daria 
noted.  "It's useful to be too dumb to understand when someone's 
insulting you."

				      * * *

Meanwhile, in the Chamber of Dark Mysteriousness, Lynn was sitting up 
in bed, staring at a book on _Small-Cell Terrorism for Beginners_ in 
a manner that suggested to Jane (who was sitting on the edge of the bed, 
staring outright at her) that she wasn't actually reading it.
	Eventually, Lynn noticed Jane's regard and looked up.  "Didn't 
your mother ever tell you that it's not polite to stare?" she asked in 
tones that would have sounded a lot more annoyed if they hadn't been 
so weak.
	"Nope," Jane replied smugly.  "So now that I've made you break 
the silence, you gonna tell me what's wrong?"
	"Nope."
	Jane sighed.  "Twenty Questions it is, then.  Still upset over 
the thing between you and Trent at New Year?"
	"There *is* no `thing,'" Lynn replied sharply.  "New Year's 
little incident was a drunken one-nighter, and it killed any romantic 
fantasies that I may...repeat, *may*...have harbored about your brother." 
_Especially when he called me Daria._  "Now change the subject."
	_Okay..._  "Well, *that* was informative.  Is this why you went 
off about what happened to your car?  I mean, you don't usually lay such 
casual blame -- it was Sandi's fault, really."
	"I know, and in a way you're right -- I've had a lot on my mind 
and needed a bit of mindless revenge.  But I *did* keep off of Daria 
and A.P.'s been my punching bag of old...and anyway, a bit of venting 
clears the head.  One day in the not too distant future I'm going to 
make sure Sandi gets hers.  But I'm not angry about that anymore, anyway."
	"Then why so bitter?"
	"I'm *not.*"
	Jane got a thoughtful look on her face as she mulled this over.  
"You were sick this morning and now you're fine."  Something about the 
words "sick" and "morning" had a hand in her epiphany -- a nice cold 
hand, too.  Her eyes widened.  "This drunken one-nighter...did it involve 
a condom at all?"  Lynn didn't answer, but the way she slunk down into 
a fetal curl and pulled the blankets over her head was all the answer 
Jane needed.  In hopeless tones, she went on, "*That* course of action 
suggests that you're not on the Pill, either."
	"I'm allergic," came the muffled, miserable reply.  Then Lynn 
sat up a little and showed her face.  "Look, it's just a stomach bug 
or...or something I ate -- I'm fine."
	"And you don't believe a word of what you're saying."
	Lynn sank under the covers again.  "I don't want to go into
this..."
	That only made Jane angry.  "Well, you're gonna *have* to, 
potential-mother-of-my-niece!  You and my idiot brother *both!  Dammit,* 
Lynn, didn't you *think?*"
	Lynn sat bolt upright -- now it was her turn to look enraged.  
"Was there *time?*  One minute he's kissing me and the next--"
	"Let's *not* go there," Jane held up her hands with a shudder; 
"some things a sister should never hear about."
	There was a brief, frosty pause as the two girls collected 
themselves.
	"Jane," Lynn insisted in quietly reasonable tones, "it's probably 
not that anyway.  I mean, stomach flu's been rampant all over Lawndale 
High lately..."
	"I can confirm *that.*"
	"And I've been under so much stress lately that it's no surprise 
that--"
	Jane was horrified at Lynn's implication.  "You've *skipped?*"
	"It *does* happen from time to time, Jane," Lynn replied glumly.
	"Well, yeah," Jane panicked, "but under the circumstances..."  
She sighed.  "Well, I'll come with you to pick up a test kit if you want. 
You know, as moral support."
	"I'm not getting tested, Jane.  No way.  Not yet."
	"But..."
	"I can't *handle* this right now, Jane!"  Jane could tell Lynn 
was scared and angry in equal amounts.  "I'll do this in my own way and 
in my own time, so *don't push me!*"  There was another, uncomfortable 
silence.
	"Lynn..."  With a sigh, Jane thought better of it.  "Never mind.  
Are you at least going to tell Trent?"
	"Why bother?" Lynn smirked weakly.  "It's none of his business 
anyway.  He wanted to do it with *Daria.*  Bet *she's* not allergic to 
the Pill..." she added bitterly.
	Jane looked at Lynn with some concern, but Lynn had turned back 
to her book.  _This isn't over._

ACT 2: ANGRY CHAIR

"And I'm here to remind you
Of the mess you left when you went away
It's not fair to deny me
Or the cross I bear that ya gave to me"
	-- Alanis Morrisette, "You Oughta Know"

Jake Morgendorffer had moved the coffee table to the end of the living 
room and was clandestinely practicing his putting into an empty juice 
glass.  He took aim, swung, and missed.  As he went to retrieve his golf 
ball, a magazine on the table caught his eye -- a copy of _Good Parenting 
Guidelines_  One of the featured articles promised on the cover asked: 
"Is Your Child Sexually Active?  10 Ways to Know for Sure!"  Jake picked 
up the magazine with interest, golf club still in hand.  After a moment, 
his eyes went wide.

				      * * *

Daria and A.P. strolled down Glen Oaks Lane toward the front walk of 
Morgendorffer Home Base, holding hands.
	"I thought the special effects were *damn* cool!" A.P. gushed.  
"Could barely tell they were CGI!"
	"Well, yeah," Daria allowed as.  "I was more impressed that the 
special effects actually *added* to the story, instead of just being 
tossed in because of some implicit film industry belief that no movie 
can possibly be worth watching without five or more car crashes and at 
least two building-leveling explosions."  A.P. chuckled at that.  They 
reached the front walk, stopped in their tracks and turned to face each 
other.  "Well, I guess--"
	"Hey!"
	Daria was startled.  "What?"
	"Do you realize that this, our second date, went off without 
a single hitch?"
	"So it did," she acknowledged shyly, then added dryly, "Unless 
you count Brittany and Kevin at the movies."
	"Let's not.  Would it be okay to press my luck a little further 
tonight?"
	"I guess so..." Daria blushed, and she and A.P. kissed.
	It lasted a few seconds.  It might have gone on longer, but the 
front door flew open, and Mr. Morgendorffer barged out and came running 
down the walk toward them, brandishing his putter and shouting, "ALL 
RIGHT, THAT'S ENOUGH!  DON'T MAKE ME BREAK OUT THE HOSE!"  Daria and 
A.P. moved apart, blushing fiercely.  Jake reached them and lowered the 
golf club.  He addressed Daria rather sternly.  "Well, Kiddo, aren't 
you going to introduce me to your *ahem* `friend' here?"
	Daria blushed and looked a bit flustered, but A.P. stepped in, 
holding out a hand in greeting.  "Andrew Philip McIntyre, sir.  A.P. 
for short.  Pleased to meet you."
	Out of long habit, Jake shook A.P.'s hand, then glared coldly, 
suspiciously, at Daria's boyfriend.  "You're that cult boy, aren't you?"
	"Dad!" Daria groaned, legally mortified.
	A.P. was confused.  "Sir?"
	Jake hardly noticed, already off on one of his rants.  "I don't 
want my eldest daughter, with so much potential, running around and being 
drawn into some...some *commune* full of David Koresh *loonies!*"
	"Dad," Daria interposed, "you're thinking of *Ted.*  And he 
wasn't *in* a cult of *any* description."  _No matter *what* Quinn may 
have helped you think at the time._
	"Besides," A.P. blithely interjected, "you've got no problem 
with your *other* daughter seeing Ted..."
	Jake was shocked almost into spasms.  "Quinn's dating *Brother 
Ted?*"
	"He's *not* in a *cult,* Dad!"  Daria shot A.P. a death glare.  
The Psycho-Maverick looked confused and remorseful.
	"So what *are* you into, young man?"
	"Computers, sir!" A.P. proudly replied.  This seemed to defuse 
Jake.  He smiled and held out his hand again, and A.P. took it out of 
politeness.
	"Good boy!" Jake announced cheerfully, as to a small dog.  "Wave 
of the future, those little machines!"  He turned to Daria.  "Don't be 
too long, Kiddo."  His mood, mercurial as ever, swung back to anger.  
"I'm going to wait for Quinn and when she gets in..."  He turned around 
and walked back into the house, muttering to himself.  After he'd gone, 
Daria and A.P. stared at each other a moment.
	"Spoke too soon about tonight going off without a hitch, right?"
	"Murphy's law," Daria shrugged philosophically.  "Look, I'd 
better get in there and do some damage control before Quinn gets home."
	A.P. looked suitably shamefaced.  "Sorry about that.  I didn't 
realize..."
	"Don't worry about it.  It'll blow over.  If Dad gets really 
tenacious about the cult thing, I'll talk to Mom. -- Good night," she 
added shyly.
	A.P. took her hand, kissed it briefly, squeezed it once and let 
go.  "Later, Erudite Emerald."  And he walked off.
	Daria watched him go, blushing bright red but smiling a sweet 
little smile.  Then her mood was broken by a voice from the house.
	"*Daria!*" Helen Barksdale Morgendorffer snapped.  "Why is your 
father babbling about Jim Jones?"
	Daria sighed, her smile already fading.  Then she turned and 
walked into the house.

				      * * *

In her own room now, Jane was painting an abstract work -- deep gray, 
violet and yellow ochre.  It fairly screamed worry.
	Trent poked his head through the door.  "Hey, Janey."
	"Go away," she replied morosely.  Trent looked slightly startled, 
then entered warily anyway.  Jane grabbed a clean brush, dipped it in 
some blood-red paint and then attacked the canvas with it.  When she 
was done, the painting looked angry and defensive.  "Do you listen when 
people talk?"
	"You okay?"
	"Peachy," she replied sarcastically.
	"Can I help?"
	"You've done too damn much already," she muttered, not really 
meaning him to hear.
	Trent caught it, though, and it only made him more confused.  
"Huh?"
	Jane opened her mouth, sighed, and decided to shut it again.  
"Never mind.  Just know that you're a moron."
	Trent was offended now.  "Lay off, Janey!  I don't know what 
I did to piss you off, but..."
	"Get out of here, you oblivious stooge!" Jane yelled.  Having 
reached the end of her tether, she wheeled to face her brother and 
flicked out with her paintbrush as she spoke, punctuating the sentence 
by spattering him with red paint.
	There was a long pause as he looked at her, honestly surprised.  
Then he wiped his face with his hand and looked at her quite levelly, 
considering.  More calmly than many of us would have known how under 
the circumstances, he replied, "Not until you tell me what the hell I 
did wrong."
	Jane was still fuming at him.  That's the only excuse she had 
for letting it out.  "*New Year,* you idiot!  Remember Lynn?"
	Sir Naps-a-Lot went beet red for a second, then he just looked 
remorseful.  "She's still angry, huh?" he replied sadly.
	"Not as such," Jane muttered angrily.  She thought a moment, 
then realized she couldn't really avoid telling him now.  "Her `friend 
from Red Bank' didn't show."
	"Who?" Trent obliviously inquired.
	Jane sighed with exasperation, realizing she'd have to draw him 
a picture.  "She skipped a period and threw up this morning."
	"So what does that..."  Then the realization of exactly what 
it might mean hit him, and he went very still.  "She's..."
	"She won't get a test kit," Jane informed him, calmer now.  "She 
says it's probably nothing and maybe she's right.  But I can tell she's 
scared, and frankly, so am I."  As quick as her calm had come, it was 
gone and she was angry again.  "Why the *hell* didn't you use anything?"
	Trent was still stunned.  "I--"
	Jane was too busy to hear him.  "She's not on the Pill, either."
	Now Trent was genuinely scared.  "Crap..."
	"I don't believe you could be so stupid!  *Damn,* Trent!"
	"Janey..."  Shocked and broken, he sat down heavily on the bed.
	Jane finally saw the state he was in and softened.  "I'm sorry, 
Trent.  That was too harsh."
	His voice shook.  "Janey..."  He sighed.  "And she doesn't know 
for sure?"
	"No...and I'd give it a few days before you ask.  She's not in 
a good mood."
	Neither was Trent.  "What am I gonna *do,* Janey?" he miserably 
asked.
	There was a tense moment.
	Then Jane sat down beside her brother and put a hand on his 
shoulder.  "I don't know, Trent.  I don't have a clue."

				      * * *

A.P. cheerfully approached Chez Cullen, headed not for the front door 
but for the trellis that ascended the front of the house to Lynn's window 
upstairs.  He'd just reached it when he heard a door open.  He turned 
around to see Lynn, dressed in her everyday outfit now, come slamming 
out of the house.  "Hey, Purple Peril!"  Then he saw the tight, angry 
look on her face.  "Whoa, what's wrong?"  She apparently ignored him, 
sweeping past him toward the garage.  She flung the door up and stepped 
inside.  "Hey...Purple Peril?"  She came out again with her brand-newish 
motorcycle, turned around and yanked the garage door shut.  A.P. was 
starting to get nervous.  "Talk to me, Purple Peril.  You're freaking 
me out now."  Lynn, minus helmet or kneepads or any protective gear, 
mounted Amethyst and put the kickstand up.  A.P.'s eyes widened and he 
started to panic.  "*Lynn!*"
	Lynn seemed angry at having to acknowledge him.  "*What?*"
	"Y-you're *not*...d-driving without a helmet!" he stammered.  
"I mean...y-you...what, do you *want* to d-die?"
	She gave him a grim, scary little smile.  "At this point, I 
wouldn't say no."  Without another word, she kicked the bike to life 
and took off at just the kind of speed she'd told them, when she got 
the bike, she wasn't planning to drive at.  A.P. stared after her, scared 
and at a total loss on what to do.

ACT 3: LUCKY

The next day, Daria was collecting her books at her locker, flanked by 
Jane and A.P., both of whom looked pale and worried.  Daria shut her 
locker and looked around.  "Lynn still out sick?"
	"I don't..." A.P. began miserably, but before he could finish, 
Lynn walked -- or rather limped -- past the threesome without a word.  
Both of her knees were badly scraped up, and her purple jacket was torn 
out at both elbows.
	"*Lynn?*" they all boggled.
	Lynn stopped, turned slowly, and managed a dispirited wave.  
Then she turned away and limped toward her own locker.
	"She still doesn't look well," Daria noted.  Jane and A.P. said 
nothing, but the worried looks on their faces intensified.

				      * * *

Janet Barch had been prevented, last semester, from continuing to grade 
her science classes on a gender-based curve, but that didn't mean she'd 
stopped baiting her male students in other ways.  Right now, standing 
at the head of the room, she pulled down a diagram of a woman's uterus.  
"All right, class, today we will be starting the chapter on the human 
reproductive system -- so you *men* can't claim ignorance and say, `No 
way, babe, you *can't* get pregnant the first time!'"
	Kevin looked particularly startled at this -- he'd used that 
line, and knowing him, he'd probably believed it himself.  Lynn went 
slightly green, clapped a hand over her mouth, leaped to her feet and 
bolted from the room.  After a moment's thought, Jane raised her hand.  
"Ms. Barch, can I go make sure Lynn's okay?  I don't think she's over 
that stomach flu yet."
	The Bitter Pill winced, as if remembering her own bout with the 
bug.  "Go right ahead, dear.  If she's still feeling that ill, take her 
to the nurse."  Jane stood up and made her way out, while Ms. Barch went 
on with her lesson plan.  "Now, the opportunistic male pig, after an 
unsatisfying two minutes of fumbling that *he* has the nerve to call 
*foreplay*..."
	Jane rolled her eyes and tuned Barch out as she made her exit.

				      * * *

Jane walked into the girls' bathroom and almost immediately heard the 
sound of a toilet flushing.  She saw a pair of boots under one of the 
stall doors and stood across from it to wait.  _If that toilet wants 
to talk, I'm here.  If she doesn't...I'm still here._  A lock clicked 
open and Lynn stepped out of the stall, freezing like a deer in the 
headlights when she spotted Jane.
	"Touchy subject?" Art-Smart Scarlet inquired.
	"Drop it," Lynn grimly warned her, "or I'll drop *you.*"
	"What happened to your knees?"
	"Ask A.P."
	This led to a moment of tense silence.
	"I told Trent."
	"And your ability to keep a close confidence staggers me as 
always, Jane."
	"I blew up at him and it just sort of came out.  I'm sorry.  
Anyway, he does have a right to know."
	Lynn sighed.  "I know.  I wasn't looking forward to telling him 
either, so maybe I should be thanking you."
	"Well, *he's* sure not."
	"So he's taking it badly?"
	"Let me put it this way; he's gone from narcoleptic to insomniac 
overnight."
	Lynn winced.  "Ouch.  I guess I'd better talk to him?"
	"He'll want to know the score.  For real, not just hopes or
fears."
	"Tough crap.  *I* don't want to know for real yet.  I've got 
time before the decisions I may have to make are taken out of my hands.  
I want to be in the right frame of mind before I'm presented with them."
	Jane shrugged.  "Just so you know."
	Another moment of tension.
	"...You...won't mention this to the others?"
	"It's hard, Lynn.  Daria's my best friend.  She's worried about 
you."
	"Well, A.P.'s *my* best friend and *he's* worried too.  So I 
know.  But do you really think that Daria will want to know that I might 
be pregnant after making wild and drunken whoopee with her former crush?"
	Jane thought about that one a moment.  "Now that you mention 
it, no.  But she may have to find out."
	Lynn's face went pale and a little angry, and she turned away, 
slamming out of the bathroom.  Jane shook her head sadly.  _I tried._

				      * * *

In the cafeteria, Daria and A.P. were sitting across a table from one 
another.  A.P. still looked worried.  Daria had gone to shocked.  "No 
protection of *any* kind?"
	"No helmet," A.P. confirmed, "no leathers, no knee pads...
nothing.  I think she got off damn lucky, actually."
	"No kidding.  And she won't say why?"
	"Every time I ask, she tells me to go to hell.  I'm really
worried."
	"I don't blame you," Daria admitted matter-of-factly.  "It could 
be fever.  Delirium.  She still looks sick -- maybe this is all on 
account of her still having stomach flu."
	"You think?" A.P. perked up hopefully.
	"What other reason could there be?"
	"With Purple Peril," A.P. noted gravely, "you never know.  She's 
the cat who walks by herself, that one."
	There followed a moment of worried silence.
	"Maybe we should keep an eye on her somehow.  Make sure she 
doesn't do anything else stupid."
	"Good luck.  She'd brush us off like so many flies and do it 
anyway."  He sighed.
	Daria reached for his hand and gave it a reassuring squeeze.  
She was a little surprised at herself, but soldiered on anyway.  "It'll 
be okay."
	A.P. gave her a grateful smile.

				      * * *

Trent was in his room, sitting on the edge of the bed, looking blankly 
at the wall, when he heard a knock at the door.  "Come in."
	It was Nicholas Campbell, the bass player from Mystik Spiral.  
"Hey, man."
	"Hey, Nick," Trent replied glumly.
	Nick perched next to Trent on the edge of the bed.  "Man, you 
look half-dead!  What's up?"
	"You've got a daughter, man.  How do you cope?"
	"Aw, Trent," Nick reproved the leader of his band, "you didn't 
knock some girl up, did you?"
	He sighed.  "Don't know.  No test results yet.  But maybe.  So 
how *do* you cope?"
	Nick had to think about that one.  "God, I don't know.  It was...
well, the whole time Angela was pregnant, I thought, `this can't be 
happening -- I'm no father figure.'  I was out of my mind.  You remember."
	Trent nodded.  "Oh, yeah.  The weekly anti-reality drinking 
marathons."
	"Then I saw little Rachel."  Nick sighed.  "She was red and 
wrinkly and squalling like a banshee, but she was just...precious.  I 
fell in love.  I'm still in love.  That's how I cope.  And I really love 
Angela.  That helps a lot."
	"Of course," Trent morosely observed.
	"You don't love the girl?"
	"I *like* her, Nick.  I respect her.  I probably *could* love 
her if I tried, but..."
	"It's not worth it if you have to try too hard, man.  The Monique 
years should've taught you that."
	Trent smiled reluctantly.  "Yeah.  But it's beside the point 
anyway.  She doesn't love me either."
	There was a short silence.
	Then Nick clapped Trent on the shoulder.  "Trent...you'll pull 
through it.  People deal with worse things every day. -- Hey, if it makes 
you feel any better, not only will I not ask who the maybe-mother is, 
but I won't even mention this again unless you do."
	"Thanks, man."
	Lynn, standing against the wall outside Trent's door, heard every 
word.  She stood there a moment longer, a thoughtful look on her face, 
then slipped away toward Jane's room.  Jane was flipping idly through 
an old sketchpad when Lynn entered with a determined look on her face.  
"I get a test tomorrow."
	Jane looked taken aback for a second, but recovered quickly and 
gave Lynn a reassuring smile.  Lynn sighed wearily.

				      * * *

The next day in the halls, Jane was pacing frantically in front of her 
locker, when Lynn approached, her face completely neutral.  Jane turned 
and faced her expectantly.  There was a pause, during which the artiste 
extraordinaire thought she could feel the universe age a little.  At 
length, she simply asked, "Well?"
	"I didn't get a test," Lynn admitted.
	Jane was starting to get exasperated by this avoidance.  "*Lynn!*"
	Lynn smirked and blushed at the same time.  "I didn't have to."
	There was a pause while Jane gathered the energies necessary 
to believe her ears.  "You mean..."
	"I've never been so glad to have cramps in my life."
	Jane was ecstatic.  "*Yes!*"
	With impeccable timing, Daria approached, looking completely 
at sea in the face of Jane's joy.  With her deadest pan, Erudite Emerald 
wondered, "Win the lottery?"
	Jane was flustered, but recovered as best she could.  "No...um...
Lynn was just saying how she was finally over that flu."  She blushed.  
"I guess I've been a bit worried."
	"So no more suicide runs around Lawndale on Amethyst?"
	"Well," Lynn mischievously replied, "I didn't say *that*..."
	Daria greeted that comment with her trademark Mona Lisa smile.  
"Welcome back."

				      * * *

After school at Pizza King, Daria, Jane, and A.P. shared a booth and 
a pizza.  "Thanks for letting me know, guys," A.P. replied.
	"Hey," Daria pointed out, "I'm as glad as you are.  Lynn's weird 
enough without this sort of thing."
	"Still think it was the fever?"
	"Probably.  Fevers are weird things.  Remind me to tell you about 
the fever dream I had once about anthropomorphic personifications of 
the holidays."  _Better yet, don't._
	A.P. shook his head, bemused.  "Weird fevers plus weird people 
equal *seriously* messed-up subconscious thought."
	Realizing something, Daria turned to Jane.  "Hey, where is Lynn, 
anyway?"
	"She...had something to do," Jane evaded that one nicely.

				      * * *

Trent walked over to Casa Lane's kitchen table with two cups of herbal 
tea, which he set down as he seated himself.
	Lynn, sitting across the table from him, picked up her cup and 
sipped a moment.  Then she spoke.  "I think we need to talk."

ADAPTOR'S NOTES
	The Python ref this time out was almost subliminal -- for those 
of you who missed it, it's the bit about small ice-creams in very large 
boxes.
	Personally, I kind of liked "Depth Takes a Holiday."  At the 
same time, I fully acknowledge that it doesn't actually fit into the 
continuity of most realistic _Daria_ universes.  I haven't yet decided 
what solution I'll settle on for my own universe (coming soon).  Just an
opinion, worth what you paid for it.
	Obligatory legal blap: Daria Morgendorffer was created (as were 
the rest of the Lawndale characters) by Glenn Eichler and Susie Lewis 
Lynn, and she and her neighbors are copyright 1993, 1997, 2000 MTV 
Networks, a Viacom company.  (As Michelle Klein-Haess has pointed out, 
work-for-hire sucks the yolks from ostrich eggs.)  Monty Python quotes 
and characters are copright 1970, 2000 Python (Monty) Pictures Ltd.  
They are here used, without the permission of their creators or owners, 
in the not-for-profit context of fan-fiction.  The characters of Lynn 
Cullen and A.P. McIntyre are copyright 1999, 2000 Janet "Canadibrit" 
Neilson, as is this storyline, which was adapted by Austin Loomis (to 
whom the prose format version is copyright 2000) with permission.
	All other characters, locations and incidents (of which I don't 
think there are any, actually) are either imaginary or used fictitiously. 
Any coincidence of names is regretted, and any resemblance to persons 
living, dead, undead, or wandering the night in ghostly torment is either 
purely satirical or not my fault.
	As a "substantially transformative" derivative work, this story 
is protected by the Supreme Court's decision in re Campbell v. Acuff 
Rose Music.  It may be freely redistributed as long as this copyright 
notice is maintained intact, but may not be in any way redistributed 
for profit without the permission of the legal owners of all concepts 
involved.  The present author hereby gives permission for any and all 
keepers of Daria fanfic pages to archive this work (as if I could stop 
them).  Any publication of this story for profit without the express 
written permission of Austin Loomis, Janet Neilson and MTV Networks (like 
any of that'll happen, especially the last) is strictly prohibited, and 
violators, if I ever decide to track them down, will be strung up by 
the thumbs, beaten about the head and shoulders with a free-range carrot, 
and then handed over to corporate lawyers who will do terrible things 
to them.  On purpose.

Austin, and good day.
