_The Look-Alike Series_
Daria fan fiction by Canadibrit
Season 2, episode 1: "Many Are Culled"
prose adaptation by Austin Loomis

ACT 1 -- NONE SO BLAND...

"Yes, friends, coming right up, the Vocational Guidance Counsellor
sketch!"
	-- Monty Python

There they were, the four of them, on a Monday in January 2000, sitting 
out front of the building, on the sign that says "Lawndale High School," 
looking inscrutably at the school itself.
	"Another semester throws itself at us," Daria Morgendorffer mused.
	"With the blinding speed and deadliness of a cobra," her look-
alike Lynn Cullen added.
	"Oh, come on, you two," Jane Lane piped up.  "How bad can it 
be?  We got rid of Ms. Li -- it's bound to be better."
	"Yeah!" A.P. McIntyre added gleefully.  "I mean, with Ms. Li 
under suspicion of child abuse, all the records she kept on us will be 
tossed out -- they think she's nuts!"
	"Whereas we have the benefit of hindsight," Daria reflected.
"We know for *certain* she's nuts."
	"I see what he means, though," Lynn allowed as.  "Tabula rasa 
time at our alma mater.  That whole `Flack-Jacket Mafia' thing won't 
haunt us."
	"Not even with the students?"
	"Your average high school student has the attention span of a 
goldfish.  Like they even remember our names at this point."
	Daria shrugged.  "Fair enough."

				      * * *

Later, in the halls, Daria and Lynn were at their respective adjacent 
lockers.  Jane was leaning in the space between them.  A.P. was kneeling 
on the floor, going through his book bag.  And a voice they'd never heard 
before came over the PA.  "Attention, students!  I am Mr. Caldwell, 
Lawndale High's new principal."
	"At least he can say the name of the school in a normal voice," 
Daria observed, remembering how reverentially the unlamented Angela Li 
had always drawn out the name of...Laaawndale Hiiigh.
	"Yeah," Jane shrugged.  "Go figure."
	Caldwell continued.  "I would like to ask for your cooperation 
with a complete update of the school's records.  You will all have 
appointments with your guidance counselor at some point today.  Please 
check the bulletin board for your time slot.  Thank you."
	"Great," Lynn muttered.  "Guidance counselors.  I *hate* guidance 
counselors."
	"It's not a big deal," Daria assured her.  "Just tell them you 
want to be a writer, and they can't be of any use.  Usually it shuts 
them up."  _If I'd known that going in, I'd never have ended up wearing 
a squirrel hat and working alongside Kevin._  Aloud, she simply said, 
"I learned that lesson the hard way."
	"Something I have never tried. -- I did once say that I wanted 
to work as an executioner on a Death Row somewhere."
	Jane's curiosity was piqued.  "What happened?"
	"Three weeks with the school psychologist breathing down my neck. 
Then A.P. and I glued his office furniture to the ceiling and bolted 
the light fixture to the floor."
	"Method 10 -- a pure classic," A.P. referenced his magnum opus 
_25 Sure-Fire Ways to Drive Any Teacher into Early Retirement_ (visit 
this fic's sponsor, www.subversion_is_we.co.uk, and pick up your copy 
today).  "He ran screaming from the building and wouldn't come back for 
three days!  And he only came back to hand in his resignation!"
	"You two are twisted!" Jane smirked evilly.  "I *like!*"
	"Let's see the order in which they have chosen to torment us," 
Daria decided.
	"Five bucks says alphabetical," Lynn countered.
	"Oh, come on.  No one's that predictable anymore.  They'll 
probably do it by age or homeroom."
	"So we're on?"
	"Yeah."

				      * * *

They stood by the bulletin board for a moment, not speaking.  Still 
without a word, Daria hauled a bill out of the pocket of her jacket.  
Lynn took the portrait of the martyred railsplitter, then broke the 
silence.  "Thank you. -- So `Mc' is a separate letter now?  Right after 
M."
	"Hey, I am unique!" A.P. reminded them.
	"You're also dead last," Jane pointed out.
	"Great.  You set him up, I'll knock him down!"
	"We say nothing," Lynn cautioned, "until all four of us go.  
Agreed?"
	Daria nodded.  "Agreed.  Pizza King?"
	"Sure.  After two weeks of being in England, decent pizza is 
beginning to take back its old appeal."

				      * * *

A plaque on the desk in the guidance counselor's office identified the 
thin, scraggly-looking man behind it as ANTHONY HARRIS.  At the moment, 
Harris was looking speculatively at Lynn.  "So you want to be a writer."
	"Actually," she replied, "I always wanted to be...a *lumberjack!* 
Leaping from tree to tree..."  She trailed off, disgusted at Harris' 
blank expression.  She wondered what he would have done if she'd quoted 
the Vocational Guidance Counsellor sketch.  "Never mind.  There's no 
cross-cultural humor anymore.  Yes, I want to be a writer."
	"No other goals at all?"
	"My goal is not to wake up at forty with the bitter realization 
that I have wasted my life in a job I hate because I was forced to decide 
on a career in my teens."  It was ironic, on several levels, that once 
again, she'd expressed herself in the same words as Daria.
	"I see.  Well, let's have a look at your other skills.  After 
all, the writing profession is a tough one to get into.  Many are called 
and few are chosen, that sort of thing."  He shuffled some papers.  "From 
your records, you have quite the typing speed.  And you strike me as 
competent and having the ability to think on your feet."
	"It would be quite time-consuming if every thought I had required 
me to lie down."
	"Yes.  Well, you seem like the sort who would take to the 
clerical profession as a duck takes to water."
	Lynn raised an eyebrow.  "Excuse me?"  _I come in here wanting 
to be a lion tamer, and I'm supposed to leave content as a chartered 
accountant.  Who says life doesn't imitate art?_

				      * * *

Later, Harris was looking speculatively at Jane.  "So your goal is to 
be an artist."
	"Art is my life," she informed him.  "Problem?"
	"I just feel that students with more...hard to reach goals...
should be particularly aware of their other options.  Many are called 
and few are chosen, after all."  Jane glowered at him, but he didn't 
seem to notice.  "Now...um...let's see what we have here.  Apart from 
your artistic abilities, do you have any other talents?"
	"You're the Grand Guru of Career Guidance.  You tell me."
	"You show a certain flair for what is known as the `snappy 
one-liner.'  Perhaps you could consider a career in advertising."
	Jane glowered at him again.

				      * * *

Later still, Daria was sitting before Harris, looking unfazed.
	"Now, Daria Morgenpheffer..."
	"Morgen*dorffer*," she corrected.  "Illiteracy is a sad thing 
in schools...especially when it's seen in the faculty."
	"Yes.  Um...well, you want to be a writer."
	"And you're going to try to explain to me why I *don't* want 
to be a writer.  Isn't your job to help us find a way to reach our goals 
rather than to shove more quote-unquote `realistic' ones down our
throats?"
	"Um...indeed.  But the truth is, it's a tough market, Daria.  
Many are called and few are chosen, and all that.  Now, from what I can 
see, your fine head for facts and cool, composed, didactic approach to 
your lessons might make you an excellent teacher."
	"Excuse me?"

				      * * *

After school, Daria was sitting across from Jane and Lynn in their 
favorite booth at Pizza King.  They were all picking at their food and 
looking miserable.
	Jane decided to begin the postmortem.  "Ad executive."
	After a short pause, Daria countered, "Teacher."
	There was a longer pause that time, and all three of them winced.
	"Secretary," Lynn announced.
	Daria and Jane looked at her, wide-eyed.  With one accord, they 
confessed, "You win."
	"Don't put the crown and scepter on me yet.  We still haven't 
heard from A.P.  Maybe he got pegged as a sanitation engineer or
something."
	As if on cue, the Psycho-Maverick came rushing through the door, 
beaming.  He ran over to their table and stretched his arms out, a huge 
manic grin on his face.  "*I am into computers and the world is mine!*"  
Still grinning like a lunatic: "So what'd he say to you three?  Anything 
good?"  Daria, Jane and Lynn all glowered at him.  Clueless as usual 
in social situations, he wondered, "What?  *What?*"
	"You have five seconds," Erudite Emerald informed him.
	"Five seconds to *what?*"
	"You know me well enough not to have to ask," the Purple Peril 
warned.  "Five...four...three..."
	He got the message and ran for his miserable life.  Daria, Jane 
and Lynn went back to picking at their pizza in morose silence for awhile.
	"Hey," Jane suddenly announced defiantly, "why should we listen 
to him, anyway?  I mean, what does *he* know about us?  All he knows 
is that we want to get into professions he wasn't talented enough to 
even *think* about."
	"You're probably right," Lynn acknowledged, then considered the 
point a moment.  "On the other hand, what do *we* know about *him?*  
How do we know he isn't some wildly talented artist, poet, writer or 
whatever who just didn't get the breaks?"
	There was a pause while the other two digested this.  "I've never 
met anyone who could kill a moment as well as you, Lynn."
	"So what *are* we going to do?" Daria queried.
	"What teenagers do best," Lynn replied.  "Go on with our lives 
and pretend we never heard anything unpleasant."
	"Now *that* I can get behind."  Jane took a bite of her pizza.  
Lynn and Daria just stared at theirs.

ACT 2 -- THE DREAM POLICE

"Well, *this* is good old-fashioned nightmare fuel."
	-- _Mystery Science Theatre 3000_

_Ten Years Later_
	Jane Lane sat in her office, looking out the window and sketching 
the city skyline.  She was wearing a three-piece suit that would have 
made her younger self cringe, but at least she'd kept her fireman's boots 
from high school.  On her desk was a stack of papers.
	Someone slammed the door of her office hard enough to make her 
jump.  "*Aah!*"  For a panicked moment, she almost didn't recognize the 
older gentleman in the suit and tie.  Then her heart calmed down, and 
she greeted her boss.  "Oh.  Good morning, Mr. Goodman."
	"Lane. -- Boots?"
	"Oh, yeah, the Fast-Track account meeting.  I know."  She took 
off the boots and slipped a pair of high heeled shoes out of a desk
drawer.
	"So what were you sketching?"
	"The city," she enthused as she put on the pumps.  "It's really 
interesting the way the sunlight almost sets the smog on fire."
	"Yeah," Mr. Goodman replied blankly.  "It's all right."
	Jane sighed.  She kept trying to open real dialogue with her 
cow-orkers [sic], but it never worked.  Someday, though.  "I'll be right 
with you."
	Goodman left.  After stowing her boots away in the drawer, Jane 
looked at her sketch, sighed, and walked reluctantly towards the door.  
She paused to peer into the break room.  People were chatting amiably 
as they drank coffee, smoked or whatever.  Jane walked into the smoking 
lounge and sat down near a small blond woman.  At once, conversation 
around her subsided a little, by the tacit agreement her co-workers 
seemed to have: _If she hears us talking she might join in._
	Jane lit a cigarette and addressed the blonde.  "Hey, Marie!"
	"Hey," Marie hesitantly acknowledged.  Jane picked up on the 
tone and decided not to pursue the conversation.  She turned away, sad 
and disappointed.

				      * * *

A key rattled in the lock of a small but nice apartment, and Jane stepped 
in.  Her cat wound itself around her legs with a plaintive meow, and 
she bent down to pet it.  "At least you appreciate me, don't you,
Gauguin?"  Then she had to acknowledge, rather morosely, "But you'd
appreciate Hannibal Lecter as long as he could run a can opener.  Or throw
you a finger or two now and then."  Gauguin meowed, as if in agreement,
and Jane sighed.  She looked up at the wall, at the picture she'd painted 
at graduation -- her, Daria, Lynn and A.P. in gowns and mortarboards, 
all with middle fingers up.  She started feeling very lonely.  "Wonder 
what they're doing now...or if they ask that about me."

				      * * *

Jane sat up with a start, surprised for a moment to see her familiar 
bedroom at Casa Lane.  With a sigh, she hopped out of bed, turned on 
the lights, grabbed a paintbrush, then looked at the canvas waiting on 
the easel.  Then she put the brush away and went back to bed.

				      * * *

In a story she'd written back in high school, Daria had imagined herself 
as a newspaper columnist -- "I get outraged, the readers get outraged, 
nobody does anything about it" -- married to a college professor named 
Marcello: "And every fall he has a new batch of freshmen to potty-train."
	Irony of ironies, *she* turned out to be the one with students 
to potty-train -- high-school students, at that.  She'd written in her 
diary right after the move to Lawndale, "It's reassuring to know that 
no matter where you go, kids are the same...stupid and shallow."  That 
much hadn't changed, sad to say.
	She looked out over the pre-processed meat products the school 
administration laughingly expected her to provide with some grasp of 
history further back than the Clinton era.  For a moment, she saw herself
from the outside; her white blouse and tan skirt reminded her of
something, but she couldn't quite think what.
	On the board were the words INDUSTRIAL REVOLUTION -- an event that
had as much personal meaning to these chimpanzees as the invention of
agriculture ten thousand years or so earlier had had to her parents' 
generation, but she'd poured enough words into their ears that sooner 
or later, by sheer volume, they *had* to start spilling out of someone's 
mouth, even if none of them would bother to *think* about what they were 
saying.  "Now, Calvin, can you explain to the class why the industrial 
revolution was so important to this country?"
	Calvin Watson, a blank-faced boy with black hair and a black 
T-shirt, looked a great deal like Kevin Thompson, the idiot quarterback 
at Lawndale High -- especially now, when he was desperately struggling 
to think.  "Um...industrial death metal?  Techno music?"
	Daria sighed and, removing her glasses, put a hand to one of 
her eyes, which had started to hurt.
	"Hey, you okay, Ms. M?  Your eye looks...twisted!"
	"Oh, God..."  She'd always feared this day would come.

				      * * *

"Ms. Morgendorffer," the ophthalmologist confirmed as he looked at her
eye, "you have what is known as DeMartino's syndrome, named after the
first known patient to have this stress-related disorder.  The symptoms
include a bulging in one of the eyes, an inordinate craving for caffeine
-- which exacerbates the problem -- and a tendency to put excessive stress
on some words or syllables.  I'm afraid that, even at this early stage,
there is no cure."
	"How serious *is* it, Doc?"  She felt her eye popping on the 
emphasis.
	"The disorder itself is not fatal...but the related problems 
-- heart attacks, stomach ulcers, strokes -- can be quite serious.  I'll 
write a prescription for some tranquilizers..."
	"No, *thank* you, Doctor.  I'll deal with this *problem* on my 
*own.*"

				      * * *

Daria jolted awake and stumbled out of her padded room, down the hall 
to the bathroom, where she stepped up to the mirror and looked closely 
at her right eye.  Nope, still normal size, thank God.  _DeMartino's 
syndrome..._ she shuddered.

				      * * *

In a cluttered office, with many in-trays and paper everywhere, Lynn 
was typing very quickly while talking on the phone.  "No, I'm afraid 
I'm not sure when he'll be back in the office today but I think you can 
catch him between nine and ten tomorrow morning. -- No, I'm afraid I'm 
not cleared for that sort of information.  Perhaps I could give you his 
e-mail address; if you e-mailed him it would be likely that he'd be able 
to send you a reply sometime today. -- Okay, could I take your number 
and ask him to call you back? -- Mobile number? -- Right.  Thank you 
for calling.  Have a nice day."  She hung up and made a face at the phone.
A wiry little man entered her cubicle carrying a large file folder.  "Hey,
Mark," she greeted him.
	"Hey, Lynn, you know about computers, right?"
	"I've been known to dabble.  Why?"
	"I just can't get this mail merge thing.  Mr. Fitzgerald wants 
this letter typed and sent to about a hundred different people and I 
just don't know how to do it."
	"Want me to show you?  I take lunch earlier than you do and I 
could show you then."
	"I don't know...could I just ask you to do it for me?  I wouldn't 
ask but you're so *good* at this sort of thing!"
	"Look, Mark, I'm really swamped but I guess I could--"
	He didn't let her finish.  "Thanks, Lynn!  You're a star!"  He 
dumped the file on her desk and made it to the door.
	"Jerk."  The phone rang.  "*Stop ringing, dammit!*"  She took 
a breath, put on a professional face and picked up the phone.  
"Fitzgerald-Morris Associates, how can I help you?"  She was pleased 
to hear the voice from the other side.  "Daria?"  She imagined Daria 
as she'd seen her on book jackets -- a little older, looking a little 
more professional, but still the same old look-alike.
	"Hey, Lynn.  How's life?"
	"Oh, you know.  Busy, busy."
	"I was just calling to tell you that I've been called into your 
part of the world on business and I'll be around for most of this week.  
Want to do dinner?"
	"God, *this* week?  Let me check..."  She pressed a few keys 
on the computer on her desk.  "Okay, I'm looking at my diary.  Hit me."
	"Um...tomorrow's bad -- drinks thing with the publishers.  
Wednesday?"
	"Can't.  I'm working late on a project or three.  Thursday?"
	"Not until ten or so.  Being wined and dined by agents trying 
to buy my brain."
	"God, and I've got a six a.m. start Friday morning."
	"Friday night?"
	"I think so...just call the office at five-thirty to make sure 
Mr. Morris hasn't dropped some other crap on me."
	"Deal.  I'll leave you to it.  Bye."
	"Bye, Daria."  She hung up and looked at the keyboard.  _God, 
is this my life?_

				      * * *

In the Chamber of Dark Mysteriousness, a lump of dark blanket continued 
to shift restlessly, and at length, Lynn's face became visible to the 
hypothetical observer (also known as the omniscient narrator, and how 
are *you* today, Mr. Pollard?).  She looked frightened and small.  She 
sighed, grabbed her covers, wrapped them around her and curled up.

				      * * *

Next day in the cafeteria, A.P. was gobbling his food while the other 
three, pale and morose, just picked at theirs.  "Come on, you guys, it's 
even worse cold! -- I had the wildest dream last night!  I was sort of 
a cross between Bill Gates and Richard Branson, and..."  He trailed off 
as he realized that the three girls were glaring at him in a way that 
clearly said _shut up or I am not responsible for my actions_.  "Come 
*on,* guys, why won't you tell me what's wrong?"
	"Maybe because you won't shut up long enough?" Jane suggested.
	"Maybe," Daria theorized, "because your smug attitude makes you 
seem unsympathetic?"
	"Maybe just," Lynn further conjectured, "because we're too busy 
wondering what it would take to make you stop congratulating yourself 
about having such a great future ahead of you just because you prefer 
machines to people and open your eyes to the fact that we're not all 
lucky enough to be self-centered, techno-centric morons with the tact 
of a charging rhino."
	A.P. stared at Lynn, then Jane, then Daria.  They all turned 
back to silent contemplation of their so-called food.  In tones that 
reflected the hurt inside, he informed them, "I'm...just...gonna go over 
and eat somewhere else."  With that, he made as graceful an exit as he 
could in the circumstances.  The girls looked up guiltily.
	"Anyone else have bad dreams last night?" Daria wondered.
	"No one gave a damn about me or my talent," Jane replied.  "I 
was just a weirdo in a suit trying to fit in...and failing.  Seems 
depressing that nothing would change in ten years."
	"I taught history and developed DeMartino's syndrome."
	"Do we have to *ask?*" Jane punctuated the sentence with an eye-
pop in imitation of the real Anthony DeMartino.
	"I hate you."
	"Busy office," Lynn summed up.  "Only competent human being on 
premises.  Constantly busy.  No time for friends or life. -- Whole 
situation blew dead monkeys."
	"And once again, your astute analysis of the situation removes 
the need for any further statements on the matter."  With that, they 
all went back to picking at their food.

ACT 3 -- HEY JEALOUSY

Dinner at Morgendorffer Home Base was just like usual -- the usual people 
at the table, the usual concentrated starch and protein squares in front 
of them, Daria not eating as usual, her younger sister Quinn reading 
_Waif_ as usual, father Jake reading the paper as usual, mother Helen 
looking resigned to the usual lack of communication.  Daria looked up, 
undecided for a moment, then sighed and took the plunge.  "Mom?"
	Helen was pleasantly surprised to find her elder spawn actually 
*starting* a conversation.  "Yes, Daria?"
	"How did you decide you wanted to be a lawyer?"
	"Well...that's a good question, Daria.  I think it was mainly 
that I was intrigued by the process of law.  I wanted to play a part 
in upholding the rights that the Constitution gives us."
	Jake lowered his Times-Herald, frowning in confusion.  "But 
Helen, when we were in college, you said you wanted to be a lawyer so 
you could slap people who tested on animals in jail and legalize--"
	"Shut *up,* Jake!" his wife hissed.  "You pick *now* to pay 
attention?"
	"Okay, so it takes me awhile!"

				      * * *

After dinner, up in her room, Daria was lying on her bed as usual, 
staring at one of the more interesting cracks in the ceiling, when 
someone knocked at the door.  "If it's Quinn, I'm broke.  If it's Mom, 
I just wanted to know -- I have no interest in becoming a lawyer.  If 
it's Dad, no offense, but the kiwi-papaya chocolate cheesecake smells 
weird and I don't think my stomach could take it."
	The door opened and Quinn poked her head in.  "Um...will you 
promise not to take it the wrong way if I ask you something?"
	"No."
	"Oh."  Despite this ringing response, she came in and sat on 
the bed.  Daria sat up.  "Um...can I ask it anyway?"
	"If you must."
	"Are you okay?  I mean, you haven't been reading and writing 
and...stuff."
	"Not in the mood.  Any other questions?"
	Quinn sighed.  "Is this about a guy?"
	"Strangely enough, it's not.  Things are going fairly well in that 
department for a change."
	"You mean I was *right* that night you came home late?"
	"In a manner of speaking."  _I *had* been spending time with 
A.P., even if we haven't actually had a `date-thing.'_
	"Well, what *is* it, then?" Quinn wondered, sounding a little 
bitter.  "I mean, what else have you got to be depressed about?"
	"Excuse me?"
	"I mean, I have other stuff...especially after I quit the Fashion 
Club.  I have all this homework and stuff, and Ted, and...And you're 
smart and it's so *easy* for you!  I mean, we saw that guidance counselor 
and I realized that I don't know *what* I want to do with my life!  I 
mean, I *can't* be a neck model -- I'd be..."  After a pause for breath, 
she said the next word in a very quiet voice.  "...bored.  I want to 
learn but it's *hard* for me, and you can do anything you want to do.  
I bet you'll be a big history professor at a big important university 
and think about important stuff and really enjoy it and I...I'll probably 
never understand half the stuff you say."  She managed to say all that 
on another breath, then went on, exasperated again.  "So what's *wrong?*"
	"Oddly enough, Quinn...nothing anymore. -- And you'll be fine.  
You can ask Ted for help with your homework.  He's a little naive, but 
he's smart.  And," she sighed, "I'll help too, if you *really* need me."
	"I didn't ask..."
	"And that's why I'm prepared to offer."
	Quinn had to consider that a moment.  "I think I actually 
understood that."
	"Good."
	Quinn turned to go, but stopped at the door.  She turned around, 
but Daria waved her away, and she left.

				      * * *

In her room at Casa Lane, Jane was looking at a blank canvas and holding 
her palette, but she wasn't painting and didn't really look as if she 
were about to start anytime soon.  Her brother Trent ambled in and came 
up behind her.  "No inspiration?"
	"Ever heard of knocking?" she snapped.
	"You okay, Janey?"
	"Pretty much."
	"You'd tell me, right?"
	"Not unless it was life or death."
	Trent did his coughing laugh, thinking of the stories he'd heard 
about Janey's alleged flirtation with suicide.  "Yeah.  Um...can I talk 
to you?"
	"My door is always open...even if you don't remember to knock."
	"You know it's been tense with Daria, right?  Well, I wanted 
to write a song about it -- just the friends part.  Get it out of my 
system, you know.  I didn't know where to start."
	"Well...try starting with something that you value her for.  
You know, something that she did or said or helped you with that only 
has to do with being your friend."
	"Yeah.  Cool. -- Yeah, I could do that thing she said when we 
were on our way to Alternapalooza.  Did I ever tell you that thing?"
	_What's this?_  "Nope."
	"She said that even if Mystik Spiral didn't ever go anywhere, 
at least for awhile, I did exactly what I wanted to do.  And a lot of 
people never even get that far.  So I guess it was like she was saying 
that dreams and memories carry you through darker times. -- I gotta go 
write that down.  Thanks, Janey."  He dashed out.
	Jane thought that over a moment, then smiled.  _So all that yenta-
ing wasn't completely wasted._  Then she picked up her paintbrush and 
dabbed it in some green paint.

				      * * *

Lynn was sprawled out on her bed, staring at the wall, when A.P. slid 
through the open window.  "Hey ho, Purple Peril!"
	"Get bent," she helpfully replied.
	"That's not the right response!  I mean, if I was a burglar or 
something..."
	"Then you'd be in trouble."
	He was confused for a moment, then he winced as a small crossbow 
bolt embedded itself into the window frame about an inch from his face.  
"I forgot I made you that."
	Lynn was holding a small crossbow.  "Reminder of happier times.  
Did you want something?"
	"To say sorry.  I shouldn't have crowed.  I guess Mr. Harris 
really did a downer on you three."
	"Yeah.  Many are called but few are chosen."  She half-chuckled 
miserably.  "Said I'd make a good secretary."
	"The man can't see past the end of his own nose, can he?"
	"Excuse me?"
	"Hell, Lynn, if that was all the talent you had, I'd say that 
being some fat-cat executive's secretary would be the best job for you.  
But think about what else you can do -- stuff that no one else knows 
about."
	"I reiterate -- excuse me?"
	"That whole Ms. Li thing proved you're an expert snitch.  The 
blackmail, the bugging, the espionage...Hey, the FBI would snap you up!"
	"Like hell."
	"I'm serious.  I mean, if all else fails and you don't get the 
whole writer thing going, we could be a team for the FBI -- just like 
Mulder and Scully.  Uncovering all the cover-ups...raiding the equipment 
in the Pentagon..."
	"If you're only saying this to make me feel better..."
	"I'm not *only* saying it to make you feel better."
	"But that's part of it."
	"If you were feeling better, I wouldn't have to say it."
	"I see what you mean. -- Sorry about calling you a self-centered, 
techno-centric moron with the tact of a charging rhino."
	"Hey, that's cool.  I've been called worse."
	"Who by?"
	"You."
	"Oh."  She smiled sheepishly.

				      * * *

Later, they'd all gathered in Jane's room.  Art-Smart Scarlet herself 
was standing proudly by an covered easel.  The look-alikes were sitting 
on the bed, looking expectantly at Jane.
	"So what brought on the change of mood?" Erudite Emerald enquired.
	"Advice from a pulling-it-together sibling," Jane replied.
	"Same here."
	"Really?"
	"Yeah.  Also kind of a jealous sibling, but that's a problem 
to be dealt with another day. -- You, Lynn?"
	"Job offer," the Purple Peril replied.  Jane and Daria looked 
at her in surprise.  "If the other thing doesn't work out."
	"Anyway," Jane cut in, "I wanted to show you this thing.  I kind 
of got inspired."
	"Well, cast off the veil and let the art-life in!"
	With a little flourish, Jane unveiled the picture.  First it 
showed Daria, Jane, Lynn and A.P., sitting on the LHS sign as they'd 
been -- God, was it really only yesterday?  Above them were the graduates 
from the portrait Jane'd seen in her dream, with middle fingers raised 
at the world.  Above each graduate was an older version of the subject 
-- Daria dressed as a news-hound as seen in black-and-white movies, Jane 
as an artist in terrifyingly stereotypical smock and beret, Lynn in 
normal clothes but as a book-jacket photo, and A.P. as Bill Gates.  "I 
call it `The Three Ages of Cynicism.'"
	"That about caps it," Daria allowed as.
	"Now that we feel a bit better about ourselves," Lynn noted, 
"there's one more thing we ought to do."

				      * * *

Harris unlocked the door to his office and walked inside.  As the door 
closed behind him, Daria, Jane, Lynn and A.P. approached.  Lynn held 
out a hand to Jane, who passed over her Stikmata 5000 glue gun.  Lynn 
sneaked up to the door with the glue gun and sealed the lock.  Then she 
joins Daria, Jane and A.P. as they stood by and watched with matching 
smirks on their faces.
	"That smell..." Harris asked from the other side of the door, 
"...what's that smell?  Ugh!"  The door started rattling, but Harris 
couldn't shift it.  "*Help!  Help me, someone!*"
	"What'd you use on the door?" Daria wondered.
	"Industrial grade epoxy resin," Jane replied.
	"When only the *nastiest* will do!" A.P. added.
	"Did you do the windows?" Lynn checked.
	"All boarded and sealed!" the Psycho-Maverick confirmed.
	"What *is* he smelling?" Jane wondered.
	"I think it's best to leave that to your imagination," Lynn
replied simply.
	"Bets on when he turns in his resignation?" Daria suggested.
	"I bet he starts working on it as soon as he gets out of there,"  
Jane replied.
	"I don't agree," A.P. shook his head.  "I bet he starts working on
it while he's still *in* there."
	"*Please!" Harris was pleading now.  "Someone!  Get me out of
here!  That smell!*"  Daria, Jane, Lynn and A.P. spared the door one last
glance and then walked away from the sobbing beyond it.  "*Someone please
help me!*"

ADAPTOR'S NOTES
	The Vocational Guidance Counsellor sketch is the one I'd have 
thought of in the circumstances.  John Cleese is the counsellor, Michael 
Palin is a chartered accountant who wants to be a lion tamer.
	The "And how are *you* today" aside refers to a line in Mary 
Chase's play _Harvey_ when somebody looks up _pooka_ in the dictionary 
and finds it defined as "a Celtic vegetative spirit, attracted to rum-
pots, crackpots, and how are *you* today, Mr. Wilson?"
	Obligatory legal blap: Daria Morgendorffer was created (as were 
the rest of the Lawndale characters) by Glenn Eichler and Susie Lewis 
Lynn, and she and her neighbors are copyright 1993, 1997, 2000 MTV 
Networks, a Viacom company.  (As Michelle Klein-Haess has pointed out, 
work-for-hire sucks the yolks from ostrich eggs.)  Monty Python quotes 
and characters are copright 1970, 2000 Python (Monty) Pictures Ltd.  
They are here used, without the permission of their creators or owners, 
in the not-for-profit context of fan-fiction.  The characters of Lynn 
Cullen and A.P. McIntyre are copyright 1999, 2000 Janet "Canadibrit" 
Neilson, as is this storyline, which was adapted by Austin Loomis (to 
whom the prose format version is copyright 2000) with permission.
	All other characters, locations and incidents (of which I don't 
think there are any, actually) are either imaginary or used fictitiously. 
Any coincidence of names is regretted, and any resemblance to persons 
living, dead, undead, or wandering the night in ghostly torment is either 
purely satirical or not my fault.
	As a "substantially transformative" derivative work, this story 
is protected by the Supreme Court's decision in re Campbell v. Acuff 
Rose Music.  It may be freely redistributed as long as this copyright 
notice is maintained intact, but may not be in any way redistributed 
for profit without the permission of the legal owners of all concepts 
involved.  The present author hereby gives permission for any and all 
keepers of Daria fanfic pages to archive this work (as if I could stop 
them).  Any publication of this story for profit without the express 
written permission of Austin Loomis, Janet Neilson, Python (Monty) 
Pictures and MTV Networks (like any of that'll happen, especially the 
last) is strictly prohibited, and violators, if I ever decide to track 
them down, will be strung up by the thumbs, beaten about the head and 
shoulders with a free-range carrot, and then handed over to corporate 
lawyers who will do terrible things to them.  On purpose.

Austin, and good day.
