_The Look-Alike Series_
Daria fan fiction by Canadibrit
Season 2, episode 13: "Liaisons"
(season [at least] finale)
prose adaptation by Austin Loomis


ACT I: TURN YOU INSIDE OUT

"Can everyone agree that no one should be left alone?
 Can everyone agree that they should not be left alone?"
	-- Filter, "Take a Picture"

Upstairs at 15 Glenview Road, a lump of bedding suggested Lynn Cullen's 
presence in her Chamber of Dark Mysteriousness.  A rapping could be heard 
at the window, and the lump shifted.  Louder rapping produced a low groan 
from inside the lump.  A voice muffled by the covers, but withal sounding 
like Lynn's, muttered, "A.P., go 'way...it's too early in the morning 
and we played a late gig last night..."  The rapping became louder and 
more insistent.  Lynn groaned again, then untangled herself from the 
bedding, grabbed her glasses from the bedside table and moved to the 
window.  "Damn late night gigs," she muttered as she put on her glasses, 
"damn checking on miserable friends at three in the morning and damn
Psycho-Mavericks too...One of these days, A.P...."  She flung the 
curtains open -- and stepped back, a little surprised.
	Jane Lane, looking tired, pale and fretful, was looking in at 
her from her perch on the ivy trellis outside the window.  Lynn flung 
the window proper open and helped Jane in.
	"Yo," said Jane.
	"Something wrong with the doorbell?  Or the door itself?"
	"I've seen A.P. do this and thought I'd try it out."
	Lynn looked closely at Jane.  "But after a long, fraught, 
sleepless night?"
	Jane had the good grace to look sheepish.  "Yeah...well..."
	Lynn sighed wearily.  "Come on; I'll break out the Turkish 
coffee."  She remembered *why* Jane's night had been so fraught and 
sleepless -- the dispute of the last couple of days, between the two 
Jacketeers who'd known each other longest.  "Did you want to talk and 
plan out what you're going to say to Daria, or did you want me to 
distract you?"
	"Distract me -- I've been thinking about that all night..."
	"Okay, but be prepared for information overload.  I'm mapping 
out project of the year for 2000 and I could use a sounding board."
	Jane gave a weary shrug and followed Lynn out of the room.

				      * * *

In the morning, Andrew Philip McIntyre -- the same A.P. from whom Lynn had
thought she was getting a late-night visit -- slammed cheerfully out of
the house, then stopped short, bemused, when he saw Daria Morgendorffer, 
his girlfriend or the next best thing to it, perched on the curb.  "Isn't 
McIntyre Manor a bit out of your way? -- Not that I'm not happy to see 
you," he hastily added.
	"I just...wanted some company this morning," she replied quietly.
	"Cool!" he rejoiced.  So was there anything you wanted to talk 
about?"
	Erudite Emerald quirked an eyebrow.  "No...but I can tell *you* 
have an idea or two..."
	He grinned one of his devious grins.

				      * * *

As they walked down the halls of Lawndale High, Jane looked at Lynn 
strangely.  "Only you would consider spending the best part of your year 
cataloguing the merits and drawbacks to various acts of violence."
	"Hey, I'm unique," Lynn announced proudly.  "I had the most fun 
with blows to the head.  Did you know that the same blow that would just 
stun you if it landed here," she touched the back of her head, "can kill 
you if it lands here?"  She tapped her temples.
	"There are days that you really scare me, Lynn.  This is one 
of them."
	"It's a gift.  And it's true, anyway.  The temples are the 
weakest point..."
	"...mainly because of the length of the barrel," A.P. continued 
as he and Daria proceeded down another corridor.  "He'd have been better 
off with a shotgun at that range.  And anyway, he was insane with fear.  
He couldn't have hit the broad side of a barn."
	"So you're telling me," Daria summed up the discourse on Quentin 
Tarantino's _Pulp Fiction_, "that the fact that Jules and Vincent didn't 
get shot in the apartment scene was no miracle."
	"Exactly!"
	They rounded a corner...and saw Jane and Lynn, who spotted them 
at the same time and broke off their conversation.  Both pairs kept 
walking, but Lynn sped up a little and A.P. hung back so that Lynn came 
to A.P.'s side, a few feet behind them, just as Daria faced Jane.  Lynn 
and A.P. watched as Daria and Jane just looked at each other for a moment.
	Daria was the first to speak, in a very hesitant way.  "Hey."
	Jane seemed equally reluctant.  "Yo."  She took a moment to 
gather herself.  "I..."
	Suddenly a gunshot rang out, and A.P. dropped, yelling and 
clutching his arm.
	Daria and Jane wheeled in shock, but Lynn, rage evident in her 
face, turned and flung herself at a door across the corridor -- where 
the gunshot had come from.  The door shut...and after a very brief 
silence, they all clearly heard the sound of a turning lock.
	Daria turned to Jane.  "Go to the office.  Get them to call for 
help.  Then find a first aid kit."
	"But I can't just leave you," Jane insisted.
	"You're the fastest of us.  Now *go!*"
	Jane hesitated a second longer, then sprinted off.
	Daria went to help A.P.

				      * * *

Lynn stood with her back to the door of the classroom, easing her hand 
away from the doorknob and making no sudden moves.  For a very brief 
moment, her face clearly said _oh, I just did a very dumb thing_, but 
then she regained her composure and addressed the shooter.  "I think 
you'll find, if you think about it, that your main problem here is with 
me.  So you just leave them out of this."
	The woman Lynn was addressing just stood there, casually dressed, 
holding a small pistol in one hand and a baseball bat in the other.  
She looked a bit dishevelled; you'd have had to look in her eyes to
realize that she was completely insane.  "I swore I'd see you all hanged
for what you did to me..." sneered Angela Li, former principal of Lawndale
High.  She aimed the pistol, and Lynn tensed, stepping forward in an
attack stance.

				      * * *

Out in the hall, a knot of onlookers had gathered around Daria and A.P.  
Daria was helping A.P. to his feet; one arm of his jacket was soaked 
in blood.
	"It's not bad," he winced.  "I think it's just a graze."
	There was another gunshot, followed by the sound of breaking 
glass.
	The onlookers fled in panic, but Daria and A.P. stayed frozen 
for a moment.
	Then A.P. threw himself at the door and rattled the doorknob.  
"*Lynn?*" he hollered, hammering on the door.
	Daria panicked.  "A.P., don't..."

				      * * *

Inside the classroom, Lynn, still standing between Ms. Li and the door, 
was trying to wrest the baseball bat from her opponent.  The gun lay 
forgotten to one side.  "Get *out* of here, you morons!" Lynn shouted 
over her shoulder.  "She's gone nuts!"
	A tactical error, as it turned out.  Li took advantage of Lynn's 
moment of distraction to grab the bat and make an awkward swing at the 
Purple Peril's head.  The blow, amazingly, connected, and Lynn dropped 
like a rock.  Li knelt down and wrapped her hands around Lynn's throat...

				      * * *

A.P. was now trying to force the door with a laminated library card, 
as Daria watched in fear.  Jane came running back to them, with Anthony 
DeMartino hot on her heels.  Daria doubted any Lawndale High student 
had ever been so happy to see Mr. D.
	"You're bleeding, McIntyre..." DeMartino almost unnecessarily 
remarked.
	The library card snapped in half.  A.P. made a frustrated choking 
noise, tossed the remaining piece aside and then threw his uninjured 
shoulder at the door, bouncing off and wincing.  As he backed up for 
another try, the Cyclops joined him in a charging stance.

				      * * *

Ms. Li was cheerfully throttling Lynn when the door burst open and A.P. 
and DeMartino staggered in, caught off-balance.  Li startled, releasing 
Lynn, and grabbed for the gun.  She then stood, the gun trained on the 
new arrivals.  There was a moment of silence -- a clear stalemate -- 
then she spoke.  "You're not going to stop me..."
	DeMartino was even more furious than usual.  "Angela, *control* 
yourself!"
	Li sounded desperate.  "You *won't* stop me!  I was *promised* 
this!"
	Lynn, staggering slightly, loomed up behind her -- evidently, 
she'd been playing possum.  She grabbed a double handful of the Nazi 
Jackboot's hair and yanked hard.  Li screamed in pain, dropped -- nearly 
tossed -- the gun and lashed out blindly with a fist that caught Lynn 
a hard blow to the side of the head.  Lynn fell, striking her temple 
on the edge of a desk before hitting the floor.  Ms. Li advanced on her...
and then a final gunshot rang out and Angela Li fell dead, shot through 
the heart.
	"Oh, Jesus..." Jane breathed from the doorway.
	Daria, Jane and A.P. all stared in shock at Mr. DeMartino, who 
was holding the smoking pistol in the two-handed grip of a master 
marksman.  "You have *no* idea how *good* that felt..." he observed.
	"I might," Daria replied blandly.
	A.P. moved first, running over to Lynn and checking for a pulse.  
In a shaky voice, he reported, "Oh damn..."
	Jane approached with the first aid kit.  Daria stepped over to 
DeMartino, put a hand on each of his forearms, and gently made him lower 
the gun.  In the stunned, horrified silence, they could all hear a 
distant siren.


ACT 2: THE PERFECT DREAM

"Many men are born blind and only realize it the day some overwhelming 
truth tears their eyes open."
	-- _The Infernal Machine_ (English translation of Jean Cocteau's 
_La machine infernelle_)

In the main reception area at Cedars of Lawndale, Daria and Jane sat 
side by side on a bench.  Daria's eyes were wide and blank, and Jane 
was visibly worried about her.  A.P. sat on a chair a short distance 
away, his bloody jacket in his lap and his shirt sleeve rolled up to 
show a bandage on his upper arm; he was trembling and very pale.
	Daria spoke, far more flatly than usual.  "Maybe we should have 
said something about Operation Ace of Spades when giving our statements?"
	"No point," Jane assured her.  "Why dig ourselves a hole?"
	Daria nodded slightly, acknowledging the point.  There was some 
more silence for a few moments, then Daria went on.  "We were talking...
before this started."
	Jane was starting to get worried.  "Yeah...we were."
	"It seems kind of pointless to hold a grudge about something 
so stupid.  Life's too short."
	That reminder only made Jane sad.  "Yeah.  Yeah, it is."
	"You were right.  You *are* a damn good friend.  I'm sorry for 
suggesting otherwise."
	"Me too, Daria."
	Daria held out a hand.  "All right then."
	Jane looked at the hand for a moment.  "To hell with that."  
She grabbed Daria in an impulsive hug.  Daria didn't resist, but she 
didn't exactly respond either.  After a moment, Jane noticed this, pulled 
back and looked at her friend, the worry in her face (and behind it) 
deeper now.
	After a moment, Helen Barksdale Morgendorffer rushed in and 
headed straight for her daughter.  "Sweetie, are you all right?  They 
called at work and said...If that -- that *witch* laid so much as a 
*hand* on you I'll..."
	"I'm okay, Mom," Daria insisted.  "Really.  I..."
	"They wanted a family member to take her home," Jane explained 
in an undertone.  "She's in shock."
	Helen became concerned.  "Oh, Sweetie..."  She sat next to Daria 
and hugged her.
	"Mom...please...I'll be fine," Daria protested.
	A.P. got up and walked unsteadily out.
	Helen, still holding Daria, turned to Jane.  "Now, what happened?"
	Jane shrugged.  "Ms. Li broke out of jail somehow.  She came 
after us...but it looked like she was mainly after Lynn.  Mr. DeMartino 
shot her, so we may never know how she got out or why she attacked us."
	"That's the Lynn girl that nearly got expelled last year?"  Jane 
nodded, and Helen's eyes narrowed.  "Blaming one student for losing that
...that concentration camp she calls a school.  The woman was clearly 
out of her mind."  Something occurred to her.  "Does this Mr. DeMartino 
need legal help?  It isn't my jurisdiction but..."
	"But you can get him someone, right."  Jane thought a moment.  
"I doubt he'd say no."
	Daria shrugged Helen's arms off and got up.
	"Daria..."
	"Just...going to check on A.P.," Daria assured them, and exited 
under the worried gazes of her mother and best friend.

				      * * *

Outside the hospital, A.P. was sitting on the lawn, staring into the 
middle distance.  Daria joined him.
	"Any news yet?" he asked.
	Daria half-shrugged.  "Nothing anyone's willing to divulge to 
anyone but a family member."  She had a thought.  "What are you doing 
out here?"
	"I'm on the lookout for Lynn's mom.  Assuming Kate left as soon 
as I called and used the full force of her delightful personality on the
airline staff, she should be here soon.  I thought she might want to have
her fit outdoors for the safety of the patients and staff."
	"Right."  Then another thought.  "Did anyone contact the rest 
of her family?"
	"I called Lorna.  She'll tell Jan.  Can't think of anyone else 
in her family who'd give a damn."
	Daria frowned.  Sure, Lynn's aunt and cousin ought to be the 
first ones told, but...  "What about her father?"
	That elicited a brief, mirthless chuckle.  "You've got to be 
kidding.  He hasn't sent so much as a birthday card in nearly nine years. 
He used to visit, write, call...then when she was nine or so, he just 
stopped."  A.P. got distant, as if lost in memory.  "It hit her hard 
-- they were close until then.  She was never the same after that."
	"But even so...she *is* his daughter.  He'd at least want to 
know if Lynn's..."
	A.P. sighed.  "Yeah, you're right."  He thought it over, then 
came to a conclusion.  "I'll try Lorna again.  She's pretty clueless, 
but she might at least know where her own brother is.  If not..."  He 
shrugged as best he could with one shoulder aching.  "...how hard can 
a Jerome Peregrine Smythe be to find?"
	Daria felt mice with cold feet start running up and down her 
spine as the last pieces of the puzzle arranged themselves.  This was 
what she'd been trying to remember ever since something in her mother's 
story had set alarm bells ringing at the back of her mind.
	Longer than that, actually.  If this meant what she thought, 
then the whole thing had been building from the beginning of the school 
year, from the day Jane had called out to the stranger she thought was 
her best friend.
	No, that was going too far in the other direction.  Oh, the facts 
remained the same, but they'd only started to assemble themselves for 
her perusal after Thanksgiving, when Lynn had related the story of a
Cullen family Turkey Day in Ohio, and the tradition of waiting for... _The
Smythe?_
	_One of dad's relations,_ Lynn had explained.  _Mom wouldn't 
let either of us keep his name after he ran off to Portugal._
	And then Daria'd met Jan when they were in England for the last 
week or two of December.  _Oh yeah,_ Lynn's Canadian-born cousin had 
asked, _how's Kate anyway?_
	Lynn had pleaded with her.  _Please let's not bring my mother 
into this.  I'm on vacation._
	And finally (well, penultimately), Helen's long-deferred account 
of the circumstances under which she'd conceived her elder daughter.  
_...I met Jerome...Kate -- that was his wife..._
	There was more -- Jane's comment on Lynn's first day, about 
_First you're the Olsen Twins, then you're the Mowery Sisters_; Jan's 
initial mistaking Daria for Lynn (an almost-amusing reversal of the usual 
state of affairs at Lawndale High), with the comment _Does she ever 
resemble you!_; the fact that Lynn was three months older than Daria, 
and Kate had been three months pregnant at the time her husband decided 
to sleep with another man's wife -- but all that was merely corroborative 
detail, giving verisimilitude to what struck Daria, even though it seemed 
to be happening to her, as a rather bald and unconvincing narrative.  
She was hardly aware of asking, "Her dad's named *Jerome?*"
	Nor did she notice the nervous way in which A.P. replied,
"Yeah..."
	She got up and headed for the hospital to get confirmation of 
the last detail, from the only person who could provide it.
	A.P. watched her go for a moment, then went back to his vigil.

				      * * *

Helen was in the reception area, sitting alone.  She was just getting 
up when Daria entered.  "Sweetie, why don't you come home and..."
	Daria didn't have time for that.  "Your lover in the Catskills 
-- what was his full name; do you know?"
	Helen was, not to put too fine a point on it, thrown for a loop.  
"What?  Daria..."
	"This is important, Mom.  Your old lover -- my biological father 
-- what...was...his...full...*name?*"
	Helen thought a moment.  "Jerome P. Smythe -- and I have no idea 
what the P stands for; he wouldn't tell me.  Daria, I don't..."
	So.  It was true.  Daria, beyond shock now, sank into a chair.  
"Forget V.C. Andrews.  Today, my life became _General Hospital_."
	Helen sounded genuinely fearful.  "Daria, you're not making any 
sense."
	Daria looked at her mother for a moment, considering the best 
way to put this.  She finally decided to start at the beginning and let 
the chips fall where they might.  "Mom..."
	Just then, a woman Daria'd never seen before, but whom she knew 
instantly, barged in.  She looked to be the same age that Helen would 
admit to -- about 40 -- and was sensibly dressed in an emerald-green 
suit with black trim.  She had Helen's coloring, but Ms. Li's hairstyle, 
and a rounder face.  At the moment, that face was the same really weird 
shade of maroon that Lynn's turned when she was mad as hell, providing 
another confirmation of her identity.
	Helen looked over and went very pale, which was another still.  
	The new arrival barged up to the desk, grabbed hold of a passing 
nurse, pulled her so they were nearly nose to nose,  and began giving 
orders.  "Lynn Jaquenetta Cullen -- my daughter -- was brought here this 
morning.  I want the doctor in charge of her case here with a report 
of her condition and a *damn* good excuse for why *no one* has been told 
*anything* about how she is AND I WANT HIM *NOW*, ARE WE *CLEAR*?"
	The terrified nurse gave a nod.  The woman released her, and 
the nurse ran for her life.  Helen was still staring at the woman, utter 
shock written on her face.
	Daria looked from the new arival to Helen and back again; this 
confirmed everything for her.
	It was almost anti-climactic when Helen, in a voice of utter 
disbelief, put a name to it by breathing, "Kate..."


ACT 3: GONE AWAY?

"Because I'm somewhere in between
 My love and my agony
 You see I'm somewhere in between
 My life is falling to pieces
 Somebody put me together!"
	-- Faith No More, "Falling to Pieces"

Kate Cullen, who for a few years had been Kate Smythe, wheeled and looked 
at Helen, and her rage turned to shock, then very quickly went to a cold 
fury.  "Helen."  She took a moment to decide how best to lead off the 
shouting match.  "Ambulance chasing paying off?"
	Daria raised an eyebrow.  "I see where Lynn gets the temper from, 
anyway."
	Kate lividly rounded on her.  "And what's *that* supposed to..."  
Then she got her first good look at her latest interlocutor.  She stared 
at the girl, stunned -- then she looked from Daria to Helen and back 
again.
	Helen decided to make introductions.  "Kate; my daughter..."
	That was the wrong tack to take.  "You had his *child?*"
	"I..."
	"You had the unparalleled *gall* to have *my* husband's *child?*  
And you passed her off as your *own* husband's spawn, didn't you?"
	Daria decided to try and get their attention before this turned 
ugly.  "Excuse me..."
	Too late.  "You were ruthless enough to seduce another woman's 
husband but not ruthless enough to abort the resultant bastard, is that 
it?"
	*That* did it.  Very calmly, Daria stood up, stepped over to 
Kate, and backhanded her across the face hard enough to knock her to 
the floor.  In tones so cold they could have been used to store donor 
organs, she reiterated, "*Excuse* me.  Shouldn't you be more worried 
about your *own* daughter than the parentage of hers?  She punctuated 
the sentence with a gesture to Helen and walked away without waiting 
for a reply, leaving the two women to stare after her.

				      * * *

Jane was sitting at a table in the Cedars of Lawndale cafeteria, looking 
glumly at a cup of coffee.  A.P. staggered in, bearing more coffee, and 
stood at the head of the table Jane was at, looking at her blankly.  
After an uncertain moment, he said, "Um...hey ho, Art-Smart Scarlet."
	Jane looked up at him with concern.  "Oh, sit down before you 
*fall* down, A.P."
	A.P. took her advice, and there was a moment of silence before 
he continued.  "Things got kind of weird out in reception when Kate 
showed up."
	"How do you mean, weird?"
	"Well, I kind of only caught the tail end of it -- I was outside. 
But when I got there, Kate was picking herself up off the floor and her 
face was all red like she'd been hit.  Helen was looking at Kate like 
she was the spawn of Satan or something..."
	"Is that really that far off?"
	"No," A.P. replied viciously, "I'd say that's pretty much right.  
But how would Helen know?"  He shrugged his good shoulder.  "Anyway, 
then Kate started yelling about suing Daria for harassment and Helen 
yelled about counter-suing on grounds of defamation of character and 
then Kate called Helen a whoring opportunist and then security had to 
be called.  Things are getting weird."
	"Have you seen Daria?"
	"She came looking for me while I was outside.  She went a bit 
weird on me and then took off and I haven't seen her since."
	Jane rolled her eyes.  "You've got to work on eloquence, A.P.  
I'm really worried about her and all you can say is `she went a bit 
weird'?  She's been acting a bit weird for weeks anyway!  Elaborate!"
	A.P. thought a moment.  "Well..."
	Jane's older brother Trent entered, looking around a little 
wildly until he spotted Jane, at which point he came running over to 
their table.  "You okay, Janey?  The hospital called.  They said..."
	"I'm fine, Trent," she assured him.  "Daria sent me to get help 
when the shooting started."
	This met with a slight smile.  "That's typical Daria."  Then 
he got worried again.  "Where is she, anyway?  I mean, she's not..."
	"No, Trent, she's not."
	"So who got hurt?  If you guys look like that, *someone*..."
	A.P. could hardly credit his ears.  "I don't believe he's even 
asking this," he snapped.
	"A.P., calm down..." Jane pleaded.
	"*Not a chance in hell!*"  He sounded downright nasty as he went 
on.  "Do the math, Sir Naps-a-Lot.  If I'm here, and Jane's here, and 
Daria's unhurt, and we all look like we're about to lose our best friend, 
who's left?"
	Trent sensed he'd really messed up.  "Damn.  I'm an idiot."
	"Thank you for saving me the trouble of saying it."
	Jane was starting to get all peeved.  "A.P., lay off him!"
	"Why the hell should I?  He's been dishing out this sort of crap 
to *me* -- mostly behind my back -- for months and I haven't said 
anything, but right now, the last thing I can make myself do is be is 
patient with some *jack-off* of a musician who doesn't even ask if his 
band's singer is still alive and can't even get my *name* right!"  He 
got up and ran out.
	Jane and Trent looked at each other.
	"Aw, man..." Trent rasped.
	"He kind of had a point," Jane allowed as.  "I mean, you *still* 
haven't asked how Lynn is."
	Trent sighed.  "Hey, lay off, Janey, I just woke up."
	Jane raised an eyebrow and Trent lowered his head.
	"Well, maybe you shouldn't feel too bad.  If you *had* asked, 
he probably would have yelled just for the sake of it.  There isn't 
actually any news, but she was unconscious when she was brought in."
	"Oh.  Damn.  Why...no.  I don't even want to know."  A brief 
pause.  "So now what?  I mean, are flowers right for something like this?"
	"I don't know, Trent -- this is the first time I've had to think 
about it."
	"How are you coping?"
	She sighed.  "I'm coping.  Just.  I don't think the others are, 
though.  I mean, you saw A.P."  He nodded with a slightly shamed look.  
"And Daria...well, Daria was already a bit quiet -- like something was 
bothering her -- *before* this happened.  Now...well, I'm worried about 
her."
	"You talked to her?"
	"We only just apologized to each other.  I don't think I can 
pry."  Trent raised an eyebrow, patted Jane's shoulder and got up.  "I 
don't think *you* should pry either!"
	"Well, who else?"
	Jane looked downcast.  Trent gave her a slightly guilty look 
and went.

				      * * *

Daria was sitting on a bench in a hallway, looking pale and fragile, 
when Trent approached cautiously and sat beside her.  "Hey, Daria."
	She sounded more morose than usual.  "Hey.  What are you doing 
here?"
	"The hospital called.  They didn't want Janey going home alone.  
Because of the shock or something."  A pause for thought.  "Um...a 
question like, `are you okay?' would be..."
	"One with a pretty obvious answer."
	"Yeah.  Sorry."
	"It's okay."
	A pause.
	"I wondered about...I don't know...bringing flowers.  Purple 
ones -- you know.  I thought I'd ask someone first."
	"And you asked me?"
	"Well, I can't go anywhere near Lynn's mom because Lynn told 
me how she feels about her daughter being in a rock band.  A.P. can't 
stand the sight of me.  And Janey didn't know."
	Daria had to think.  "Well...from what little I know, she doesn't 
like the idea of cut flowers.  Something about leaving them alive to 
keep the planet in oxygen."  She turned gloomy again.  "Anyway, last 
I heard, she was still unconscious -- so she can't actually see them."
	Now it was Trent's turn to get downcast.  "Oh.  Right."
	"It was a nice thought, though."
	That heartened him.  "Thanks, Daria."  Another pause, then, 
"Janey's...kind of worried about you."
	"I know."
	Yet another pause.  Trent raised an eyebrow at Daria, inviting 
her to elaborate, but she didn't.
	"...Um...maybe...you want to...talk about it?"
	"I...don't know what to say.  Or how talking is going to help 
anything."
	Trent thought it over.  "Sometimes...it's like writing a song, 
you know?  Having it out in the open...makes it smaller.  So you can 
wrestle it better.  Know your enemy, sort of.  Easier to handle it that 
way."
	For a moment, Daria was silent, weighing her words.  Trent looked 
expectant, then slightly disappointed.
	Then, slowly, Daria began to speak.  "I just...don't believe 
what she did."  She seemed lost a moment, remembering.  "I've gone over 
the scene in my mind; it's almost like I was there.  She went into that 
classroom knowing there was a maniac with a gun in there; she locked 
herself in to buy us time.  I thought I heard her say something about 
`leave them out of it', and I know I heard her yelling at us to get out 
of harm's way.  I think about that -- about what that got her -- and 
I feel about three inches high."
	"Daria..." he started to sympathize.
	She wasn't finished.  "And even now, I catch myself thinking 
`damn her anyway, for being brave and self-sacrificing when I'm not.'  
And then I think that...if she dies...damnation is an option and..."  
She stifled a sniff.  "...and I feel really...cruel..."
	In that moment, it all became officially too much.  Over the 
past few weeks, she'd discovered that a fair chunk of her family history 
was a lie, had some fairly disturbing experiences and one hell of a nasty 
dream, and now she'd found out that a good friend was actually the sister 
she didn't know she had.  And, to top the whole thing off, for all she 
knew, she might never get to tell Lynn the truth about their relationship.
	On Christmas Day, Lynn had retreated to the balcony to have a 
cry when Kate had given her custody of the Mercedes.  She'd seen it as 
weakness, relative to Daria, who she was sure would never cry in front 
of anyone.  Daria had seen it the other way around.
	Right now, though, she didn't really care.  She just let out 
a sob and put her head in her hands.
	Trent was alarmed.  "Daria..."  He put a tentative arm around 
her shoulders and held her as she cried.  This lasted a few moments until 
the sobs tapered off to little sniffles.  She sat up -- Trent took his 
arm off her shoulders quickly -- and collected herself, taking off her 
glasses and starting to clean them off on her jacket.  Trent took them 
from her gently with one hand while groping in a pocket with the other.  
He produced a wad of tissues, handing some to Daria and using the rest 
to clean her glasses for her.  Daria mopped up her face and blew her 
nose, and then Trent handed her the cleaned glasses, which she put on 
with a sheepish expression on her face.  "Sorry."
	"Don't be," he assured her.  "Tears clean you out; it's healthy.  
I don't think we'd do it otherwise."  He gave her a moment to consider 
that.  "Feel better?"
	"Sort of.  A little."  She thought about it, then shyly said, 
"Thanks."
	"Anytime, Daria."  Another pause.  "Daria?"
	"Yeah?"
	"Tell me a story?"
	"No bedtime story until you brush your teeth, young man."
	It was downright comforting to hear that coughing laugh of his.  
"Good one, Daria.  I mean one about you, Janey and Lynn.  A memory that 
you have and I don't.  To get us through."
	"Okay...What do you want to know?"
	"I always kind of wondered -- what was it like meeting someone 
so much like you?"
	Daria had to wince ever so slightly at that.  "I would ask you 
to request a story that makes no mention of Ms. Li, but there are so 
few..."
	Trent turned remorseful.  "You don't have to tell me."
	Daria considered her next words carefully.  "Strangely enough, 
Trent...I *want* to."  _And maybe someday, I'll be ready to tell you 
why.  Why it matters to me to have people remember her._  "Actually, 
Jane was the first to really meet Lynn.  Ran into her at the lockers.  
Saw her from behind."
	A wicked smirk blossomed on Trent's face.  "Mistaken identity?"
	Daria smirked, rather weakly, herself.  "Oh yeah.  Jane and I'd 
had a..."  She blushed.  "...disagreement," _and you'll find out what 
*that* was about over my broken and bleeding body,_ "so when Lynn didn't 
answer to my name, Jane thought it was just me being annoyed and tried 
apologizing.  And then Lynn turned around and said: `Excuse me?'"
	Trent's coughing laugh seemed to ring quite clearly through the 
halls.

				      * * *

Daria and Trent entered the main reception area.  Helen was gone, but 
Kate was there, talking to Dr. Phillips, whom Daria remembered from when 
she'd had that erotogenic rash.
	"Find out what you can," said the cause of the rash.  "I'll be 
with Janey in the cafeteria."
	"I'll meet you there and let you know what's said," she assured 
him.
	Trent nodded at her and exited, and she stepped up to where Dr. 
Phillips and Kate were conversing.  "Excuse me...how's Lynn?"
	Dr. Phillips recognized her.  "Hello, Daria.  Sorry, but I can 
really only divulge this to family..."
	_Might as well get used to it._  "I'm her sister.  Well, half-
sister, anyway."
	Phillips looked thoughtful and skeptical all at once.
	Kate eyed Daria cautiously and gave a grudging nod.  "Now, 
Doctor, can you give me a vague time frame on when Lynn can be expected 
to recover?  Only I'm slated to start a six-month secondment in Tokyo 
in two days and I'd like to be able to schedule for this."
	Daria and Dr. Phillips both stared incredulously at Kate, who 
didn't seem to notice.
	The doctor made a successful if visible effort to stay calm.  
"Ms. Cullen, I don't think you understand.  While it seems as though 
Lynn isn't in immediate danger -- she wasn't strangled long enough to 
be seriously deprived of oxygen, for instance -- she has taken some 
severe blows to the head.  The scans we've had back indicate no clotting 
or visible trauma, but she's comatose."
	"Cut to the chase, Doctor.  I have a very full schedule."
	Now he was just barely keeping his anger in check, and Daria 
could tell.  "Ms. Cullen...it could be days or weeks or even months 
before she comes to."  He weighed his words a moment.  "I'm sorry, Ms. 
Cullen, but your daughter may never recover.  There's just no way to 
tell."
	Daria was devastated, but Kate merely looked annoyed.  Daria 
got up and started out of the room as Kate began to harangue the doctor.  
"Doctor, that just isn't good enough.  I mean, what the *hell* am I 
paying medical insurance for if..."
	Daria, at the door, shook her head with a sad sigh, then made 
her exit so she wouldn't have to listen to this anymore.  _My lack of God,
the woman has her head so far up her backside she can look out her own
mouth.  And I thought *my* mom was bad._

				      * * *

Jane and Trent were sitting side by side at a cafeteria table, looking 
glum.  A.P. approached, face pale and eyes red.  He sat down across from 
the Lane siblings sheepishly.
	Jane made a tactful retreat.  "I'm gonna get another coffee.  
Anyone else?"
	Trent and A.P. nodded, and Jane left to fetch the elixir of 
life.
	There was a moment of silence.
	A.P. decided to break it.  "I guess I ought to apologize for 
acting like a jerk."
	"Me too, I guess," Trent rasped.
	"Can I just ask something?"
	"What?"
	"What's your problem with me, anyway?"
	Trent decided to cut to the chase.  "I wanted to ask Daria out 
for weeks before you moved here and didn't say anything...for one reason 
and another.  The dance?  I wrote a song.  It said it all."
	"So I have something you wanted but couldn't ask for and it eats 
at you?"
	"Yeah.  Basically."
	A.P. nodded.  "Makes sense."
	Trent looked speculatively at A.P., but A.P. refused to meet 
his eyes, and Trent shrugged.
	A moment or so later, Jane arrived with a tray upon which were 
three cups of coffee.  She sat next to Trent, set the tray down, and 
said as each of them grabbed for a cup, "So I don't have to worry about 
you two killing each other?"  Trent and A.P. shook their heads.  "Good.  
One less thing."
	"Hmm...very Forrest Gump.  How well it fits you."
	Jane listlessly threw a sugar packet at A.P.  More silence; the 
three stared at their coffee cups, lost in their own thoughts.  Then 
Daria approached and all three looked up from their coffees expectantly.  
Daria stood at the head of the table for a tense moment.
	"It's bad," she finally said.  "She's in a coma."  She struggled 
with the next part, then decided it was better said sooner than later.  
"She could die."
	A.P. recoiled as if slapped, then buried his head in his arms.
	Jane, a shocked look on her face, clapped a hand to her mouth.  
	Trent's eyes widened with sorrow.  
	Daria, a blank look on her face, sat down heavily next to A.P.  
And a mournful silence fell over the gathering.

[tsuzuku?]

ADAPTOR'S NOTES
	Jan hasn't told me what Li meant about "I was PROMISED this!"
either.  One more reason we should all pester her to do a third season
(once she's done with BTG3 and "Growing Cynical," anyway).
	As I said in the notes to "The Parent Crap" adaptation, I dropped
a few hints into the second season adapts (and may drop some more into
first season remasters).  As I didn't say at the time (in the interest
of preserving this surprise), some of them were also hints as to Daria's
true relationship with Lynn, as was a recurring leitmotif in the adapts
that followed (or didn't you notice how I kept mentioning Kate Cullen's
forename in every adaptation after "The Parent Crap"?).  Some of them
were so subtle even Jan (who, after all, knew what they were about)
didn't pick up on them until I pointed them out.  Others seemed subtle
to me, but were probably about as subtle, really, as the proverbial
flying mallet.  Oh well; you win some, you foozle some.
	Just in case you didn't notice: Kate makes it sound like Helen
seduced Jerome.  When Helen told the story of the affair in "The Parent
Crap," it sounded (to me at least) more the other way around.  If you
can see anything in the published Look-Alike corpus to give weight to
either side's version of events, please drop me a line at zedd@io.com
and let me know.  (Hopefully, this is going to be addressed in "Growing
Cynical.")
	"Erotogenic" doesn't necessarily have anything to do with sex.
It literally means "love-induced" (or, in this case, crush-induced).
	The metaphor on how far up her posterior Kate has her head is one
I came up with that I've always been fond of; "my lack of God" (previously
seen in my "World Geek Show" adaptation) is a phrase I ganked from Chris
Davies, the noted anime fanficter, Advocate of Darkness, Part-Time
Champion of Light and occasional rat-bastard.
	Obligatory legal blap: Daria Morgendorffer was created (as were
the rest of the Lawndale characters) by Glenn Eichler and Susie Lewis
Lynn, and she and her neighbors are copyright 1993, 1997, 2000 MTV
Networks, a Viacom company.  (As Michelle Klein-Haess has pointed out,
work-for-hire sucks the yolks from ostrich eggs.)  Monty Python quotes
and characters are copright 1970, 2000 Python (Monty) Pictures Ltd.
They are here used, without the permission of their creators or owners,
in the not-for-profit context of fan-fiction.  The characters of Lynn
Cullen and A.P. McIntyre are copyright 1999, 2000 Janet "Canadibrit"
Neilson, as is this storyline, which was adapted by Austin Loomis (to
whom the prose format version is copyright 2000) with permission.
	All other characters, locations and incidents (of which I don't 
think there are any, actually) are either imaginary or used fictitiously. 
Any coincidence of names is regretted, and any resemblance to persons 
living, dead, undead, or wandering the night in ghostly torment is either 
purely satirical or not my fault.
	As a "substantially transformative" derivative work, this story 
is protected by the Supreme Court's decision in re Campbell v. Acuff 
Rose Music.  It may be freely redistributed as long as this copyright 
notice is maintained intact, but may not be in any way redistributed 
for profit without the permission of the legal owners of all concepts 
involved.  The present author hereby gives permission for any and all 
keepers of Daria fanfic pages to archive this work (as if I could stop 
them).  Any publication of this story for profit without the express 
written permission of Austin Loomis, Janet Neilson and MTV Networks (like 
any of that'll happen, especially the last) is strictly prohibited, and 
violators, if I ever decide to track them down, will be strung up by 
the thumbs, beaten about the head and shoulders with a free-range carrot, 
and then handed over to corporate lawyers who will do terrible things 
to them.  On purpose.

Austin, and good day.
