_The Look-Alike Series_
Daria fan fiction by Canadibrit with Ben Yee
Season 4, episode 12: "Process of Elimination"
prose adaptation by Austin Loomis

"Get'cha motor runnin'
 Head out on the highway
 Lookin' for adventure
 And whatever comes our way"
    -- Steppenwolf, "Born to Be Wild"

Cast: Jane Lane, Daria Morgendorffer, A.P. McIntyre, Lynn Cullen, Janet 
Barch, Tim O'Neill, Karen, Cindy, Ted, Norville, Dawn, Charles "Upchuck" 
Ruttheimer III, Mara Fitzgerald, Rick Jeffreys, Mrs. Williamson, Mark 
Honson, Roz Wilson, Johnny Parks, Brett and other unnamed Cumberland 
contingents, vapid tour bimbo, intern, SS Rat, Warlock, Mark "Shooter" 
Renfield, Tom Sloane, cop, orderly, mysterious man, Nick Campbell, Trent 
Lane, Max Tyler, Jesse Moreno, Pagebert, Scar


ACT 1: STAND

"`Shiny happy people holding hands'?  Hey, pull that bus over to the 
side of the Pretentiousness Turnpike, all right?  I want everybody off 
the bus.  I want the shiny people over here and the happy people over 
there.  I represent the angry gun-toting meat-eating people, okay?"
    -- Denis Leary, "No Cure for Cancer"

_Lawndale High_

Jane stood at her locker with a small jar of fire-engine-red paint in 
one hand and the camel's-hair (or maybe mouse-hair) brush in the other, 
painting an intricate flamelike pattern on the inside of her locker door. 
Unopened jars of orange and yellow paint sat on the cluttered bottom 
of her locker.
    Daria approached and peered at her friend's work.  "Nice."  She 
gave the tones of mild approval a moment to sink in, then added, "But 
it's a shame you're only going to enjoy it for another seven months or 
so."
    "Oh, I'm not doing this for my own benefit," Jane replied quite 
loftily.  "This masterpiece will serve to remind countless generations 
of luckless students just how close to hell they are."
    "And I take it that, once you're through with this work of art, 
you're going to inflict similar works on the rest of us."
    "Oh, already done that -- with one of us, anyway."  Daria raised 
an eyebrow, looking slightly hurt.  "Lynn asked me to do some Celtic 
knotwork pattern on the inside of *her* locker door -- that's how I got 
the idea.  I guess she liked all the stuff I did to her house, no matter 
how much she complained about the time it took."  Her artistic muse took 
over her voice for a second.  "Purple, black and silver...one of my 
better jobs, if I do say so myself..."
    "Done anything for A.P.?"
    "I *wanted* to, but he refused to let me near his locker.  
Something about messing with the burglar alarm set-up in there."  Daria 
blinked at that.  "I didn't ask.  I don't want to know."
    "Speaking of A.P..."  The McIntyre literally bounced into Jane's 
view, Lynn trailing along behind him with a fond half-smile on her face.
    He stopped and faced a bemused Daria and Jane, bouncing in 
place.  "*poingpoingpoingpoingpoingpoingpoing*..." he said, way too damn 
cheerfully and with a grin so vast the corners of his mouth seemed to 
be trying to meet at the back of his head, then bounced off down the 
hall.
    Daria and Jane looked at Lynn.  "What's with *him*?" Daria asked 
her elder sister.
    "First off," Lynn replied, "remind me never, and I mean *never*, 
to feed him Jolt first thing in the morning."
    "Jolt Cola?  All the sugar, twice the caffeine?  I've heard 
rumors, but I didn't think it really existed."
    "Thinkgeek.com," Lynn and Jane chorused, then looked at each 
other.
    "I'm an artist!" Jane insisted.  "I need the caffeine and 
sometimes it's too hot for coffee!  And it's on *your* links site, Lynn!"
    "Found it on subversion_is_we.  And point taken."
    "Anyway!  You fed him *Jolt Cola*?  You've *seen* his reaction 
to your coffee!"
    "Yes, I know, I know, I know.  Fact is, he turned up at my front 
doorstep this morning trying to be *poing*y.  And you *know* what he's 
like in the morning."
    "How many times did you have to pick him up off his face?" Daria 
wondered detachedly.
    "Three.  And you don't want to know what *poing* sounds like 
in Grog."  She let them think about that.  "Anyway, he was out of Coke 
at home, hence his state, and brewing coffee would have taken too long.  
So..."
    "I get the picture. So what's with the bouncity-bounce?"
    "You heard about the trip to NASA?  Well, it's day after tomorrow.
And he's discovered that he has a few ins from the last trip."
    "You mean to tell me that A.P.'s going to be wandering around 
NASA Space Center with people who like him?"
    "Worse," Jane sighed.  "He's going to be wandering around NASA 
Space Center with people *like* him."  There was a moment or two of tense 
silence after this.
    "Houston, we have a problem."

_Later -- Lawndale High parking lot_

Barch and O'Neill were standing side-by-side with clipboards, checking 
off the names of the few students milling around them -- Karen, Cindy, 
Ted, Norville, Dawn, Charles, A.P. -- and while O'Neill merely looked 
worried, Barch looked actively pissed off.  (Big surprise there.)  "Isn't 
that just like *men* to be late at a time like this!"
    "Uh, Janet?  I think it isn't only the boys who have fallen 
behind a little.  I think--"
    "Shut up, Skinny!"  She considered a moment.  "Well, I suppose 
at least *one* of those back-stabbing testosterone-carrying scum had 
the decency to call in late, not like my no-good excuse for an ex-husband!"
    "Janet, remember what we talked about?  Let *go* of the--"
    "SHUT UP!"
    "Eep!  I mean, yes, Janet..."
    "All right, ladies...and the *rest* of you...on the bus!"
    As the students filed onto the bus, A.P. stopped Karen.  "Hey, 
you know what other schools are coming along on this thing?"
    "Cumberland and Oakwood."
    Study in wide-eyed fear.  "Eeeeeeeeeep."
    "What's up with you?  They're not *that* bad..."
    "Not if you don't know them, they aren't..."  She gave him a 
quizzical look.

_Oakwood High parking lot_

Mara was particularly conspicuous in the crowd as the Lawndale school 
bus pulled up, but A.P. also recognized Rick Jeffreys from the marching 
band.  Those two were standing about as far apart from each other as 
they could get and still be in the same zip code, probably because of 
their dating history (they did, once).  Barch and O'Neill filed out and 
greeted Principal Williamson.  She was standing with two people none 
of the other Lawndalers knew -- a tall, thin man with sandy blond hair, 
and a rather overweight half-Chinese woman with a laconic stance but 
very sharp eyes.
    "Welcome to Oakwood," said Williamson.  "These are the two 
chaperones we're sending on this trip -- Marc Honson and Roz Wilson."
    "I'm Janet Barch, and this is Timothy O'Neill."
    "And may I just say how much of a pleasure it is to bring three 
schools to--"
    "Stuff a sock in it, Skinny!  We have one more school to get 
to!"
    "You'll find our group a fairly well-behaved bunch," Williamson 
resumed once this byplay was done.  "But watch the one in black around 
the male element..."  She trailed off, noticing A.P. at the bus window, 
and turned pale.  "So *that's* where he wound up..."
    Roz looked up to follow Williamson's gaze.  "Oh, I see."  She 
waved at A.P.  He gave a manic grin and waved back.
    "Oh," said Honson dismissively.  "*Him.*"  He turned to Roz.  
"It was a mistake to let him run wild in that lab..."
    "Geeks will be geeks."
    "Get...on...the bus," Williamson gritted, "and get him...out 
of...my school."  Barch and O'Neill exchanged looks, then both looked 
curiously at the stoic Honson and the smirking Wilson.
    "I'll explain on the way to Cumberland.  But I assume you know 
a little about *that* one by now..."  Barch and O'Neill nodded gravely 
and got back on the bus, followed by Roz, Marc and the rest of the 
Oakwood contingent.

                      * * *

Once the bus had pulled away, Mara walked up to where A.P. was sitting 
and looked at him.  "Hey, geekball."
    "Hey ho, Nympho-Goth. You still with this bunch?"
    "Well, yeah.  The astronomy trips are *great* excuses for--"
    "Too much info!  WAY too much info!  Stop *right* there!"
    Mara's face sprouted a lascivious smirk.  "Darkened planetariums
...overnight stargazing trips..."
    "NYMPHO-GOTH!"
    "Stop calling me that."  She settled into the seat next to him.  
"They let you *stay*?"
    "It's not Boy Scouts anymore."  Johnny, the young man with the 
nearly white hair sitting in the seat behind them, heard that, peered 
over the seat, spotted A.P., then hurriedly vacated his seat and headed 
for the back of the bus in a nervous scramble.  A.P. grinned.  Mara 
sighed and put her boots up on the seat back in front of them.

                      * * *

We've never been to Cumberland High before, but a high school's a high 
school, so your imagination can probably fill in the details.  Three 
students filed onto the bus, along with a very thin man with white hair, 
one glass eye and a perpetual smirk.  One of the students might have 
seemed relatively familiar for some reason -- brown hair, khakis, red 
shirt.  He took the empty seat behind Mara and A.P., looked behind him, 
did something of a double take, then sat down and faced front again.
    AP spotted him and did a slight facefault, remembering Erudite 
Emerald's story about the time Narcissa hosted the school dance, and 
the cool-seeming guys she and Art-Smart Scarlet had met there.  _And 
it turned out they were carriers of the dreaded Ruttheimer gene.  If 
it hadn't been for the Fashion Club getting locked out in unseasonable 
snowfall, we'd only have broken even on the night._
    "Hey Brett!" Mara greeted him.
    Brett -- so now A.P. knew for sure which one it was -- did a 
worried facefault.  "Uh...hi Mara...Uh..."  He got up, moved further 
back, put on a Walkman and shut out the outside world.
    "Jeez.  Three scars on a guy's back and he never speaks to you 
again."
    "I'd say I wonder about you, Nympho-Goth, but I don't, and that's 
the problem."  The bus pulled away from Cumberland High.
    "GEEK-BALL!"  *smack*
    "Ow!  Okay, okay, okay!  *Mara*, if you've gotta be picky!"  He 
took a moment not to consider.  "What part of that do you have a problem 
with, anyway?"  *smack*  "OWWWWWWWW!"

_parking lot, NASA Lyndon B. Johnson Space Center, Houston, TX_

And so the Trisuburban Science Club found themselves standing outside 
their bus, being greeted by a woman of middling height with a lot of 
dyed-blonde hair, big blue eyes, a larger smile than should really 
be possible on a human face, and an almost palpable aura of condescension 
about her.  "Well, isn't it such a lovely bunch of children we have 
visiting us today?"  This led to shared looks all around -- even the 
teachers looked a little bit appalled.  "Now, we're going to name you 
all *official* Astronauts for the day!  We usually don't get such *big* 
boys and girls coming to see us...but lucky for you, we just got a whole 
bunch of *brand new jackets*!"
    They followed her gesture with their eyes to a box marked 
TEACHERS, which was being dissected via X-Acto knife by a young man whose 
manner fairly screamed "intern."  He opens it and extracted the first 
jacket, which appeared now to have been pulled off either a murder victim 
or a very unlucky lion tamer.  "Oops," he eeped.
    Barch fumed.  "Isn't that just like a--"
    "*Anyway,*" the tour bimbo hastily interjected, "now we issue 
you all *official* Astronaut Jackets...Line up by height!"  As they all 
did so -- or at least tried valiantly to do so -- Mara and A.P. gave 
each other who-the-hell-does-she-think-she's-kidding looks, complete 
with rolling of the eyes.
    Roz turned around at the sound of a few teenagers moving toward 
them.  "Oh, I guess these must be the latecomers."
    "Oh," the tour bimbo gushed, "little lost sheep back to their 
flock..."
    "What institution did *you* escape from?"
    Her response showed that she completely failed to get it.  "Lane 
College, in Oakland, California.  Why?  Did you go there too?"  Roz 
collected a jacket and wandered back to the teachers with an I-give-up 
expression.  The tour bimbo turned all her shiniest teeth on the class.  
"Okay, boys and girls, let's start our exciting adventure to the magical 
world of outer space!  We're walking, we're walking, we're..."  Thump.  
She looked back in alarm.  "Oh, young man, are you all right?"
    A.P. was facedown on the ground, Mara's boots on his left.  "Note 
to felf," he muffled into the pavement.  "Filly wawk onwy workf faw 
Pupple Pewil."

_some time later_

A sniper scope moved over a loosely collected throng of teenagers in 
silver Mylar jackets.  The crosshairs came to bear on a twosome -- long 
black glossy hair on the left, unkempt red on the right.  The crosshairs 
focused on the redhead.  The finger tightened on the trigger of the rifle 
-- breathe, aim, slack, squeeze, *BANG*.  Seen through the crosshairs, 
the red hair got redder as its owner dropped, first to his knees, then 
to the ground, face first.  The crosshairs followed him down, the raven-
head's boots visible to his left.


ACT 2: KILLING IN THE NAME

"Hey now, when I'm knocking on your door
    This special delivery is yours...
    And the voices tell me to blow you away..."
    -- The Offspring, "Special Delivery"

From a different vantage point, somebody else watched the scene through 
binoculars.  The face behind them was one Lynn would have recognized 
-- a man in his mid-thirties, angular, with long brown hair and a rather 
negligible tan for a Texan; he'd called himself "SS Rat" when he met 
with Lynn and Tom at the Feeding Trough Bar and Grill in Highland.  He 
swept the surrounding rooftops and found absolutely nothing.  He put 
down the binoculars, pushed himself back and up from his prior position 
-- which had been flat on the ground on his stomach, face upturned.  
He looked at the gun at his hip, silently decides to make his getaway 
and headed away from the edge of the roof.
    He moved toward the exit as if he belonged there; a couple of 
security guards passed him at a dead run, barely glancing at him.  He 
pushed open a door, looked nonchalantly at his watch, converted time 
zones in his head, then plucked his cellphone from his belt and hit a 
speed-dial button.  "Warlock?" he asked when he got pickup.  "Rat."

_The Blue Motorcycle inner sanctum, San Francisco_

After hanging up, Warlock looked at his phone for a moment. He dialed, 
then waited for pickup...
    At length, he heard a voice, with typing in the background.  
"Cullen's Mortuary.  You bag 'em, we tag 'em."
    He facefaulted.  "Peril...?"
    "Warlock."  She took a moment to digest the datum, then her tone 
turned accusatory.  "This has to be important or you wouldn't be calling 
me."
    "Have you heard from the Maverick lately?"
    "No, and I don't expect to for a while. He's at NASA this 
afternoon."  She thought about it.  "Why?"
    "I know he's at NASA.  Lehrer tipped us off.  That's why we sent 
cover."

_The Chamber of Dark Mysteriousness, Chez Cullen, Lawndale_

Sitting at her computer, typing away at her homework, Lynn experienced 
a peculiar blend of anger and shock.  "You're *watching* us?"
    "Protecting."
    "I say tomato..."  She paused for him to dignify that with a 
response; then, as she realized he wasn't going to, opened a browser 
window.  "And I am now checking news sites.  Unless there's something 
you'd like to tell me first hand..."
    "Rat saw a redhead go down."  There was a pause.
    Her fingers just hovered maybe an eighth of an inch over the 
keys for a moment, then she broke for her desk drawers and commenced 
to rummage through the top one.  "Did he say which one?"
    "He's not even sure it was fatal.  It...wait. What do you mean, 
`which one'?"
    She pulled her .45 out of the desk drawer.  "Vaya con dios, 
Warlock."  With that, she threw the phone on the bed and took off.
    In her haste to exit, she barged past Daria, who was carrying 
two cans of soda and, in the wake of that high-speed passage, looking 
really confused.  "Lynn, whe--?"  Slamm.  "Okaaaaay..."  She spotted 
the phone on the bed, the "talk" light still lit.  She picked it up and 
put it to her ear.
    "Peril?" Warlock shouted.  "Peril?!?  LYNN?"
    "Not as such."
    "Emerald."  He got a command voice on.  "Stop Peril!"
    "From..."  Amethyst's engine started up, and the bike roared 
out onto Glenview Road at approximately Mach 1.  "...from doing *what*?"
    "From doing what I just heard her do."
    Daria heard the *clunk* of the ladder against the window.  "A.P., 
get up here!" she called to the without.  "We have a problem!"
    "You're telling *me* we have a problem," A.P. muttered from 
outside; "they cut short our trip 'cause some gunhappy--"
    "Wait a minute," Warlock barked, and Daria held up a hand for 
techno-weasel silence.  "A.P.?  As in A.P. `the Maverick' McIntyre?"
    "Yes," Daria replied.  "He's here.  *Shouldn't* he be?"  A.P. 
scrambled in through the window, watching Erudite Emerald closely.
    "One, he's home early.  Two, *keep* him there until I talk to 
you again.  And lay low!"
    "But--"
    "He sounds like he knows the story -- talk to him!"  Klik.
    Daria looked at the phone for a moment, then put it back on 
charge.  Then she looked at A.P.  "Okay, what happened?"
    A.P. was not *quite* in speedrant mode.  "Can we save it for 
when we're all together?  I think we *all* need to hear this, 'cause 
if it's what I think it is we're *all* in a *lot* of trouble..."
    "A.P.  Calm down.  We can't leave yet.  Apparently, we all need 
to lay low."
    "But *why*? I mean, Art-Smart Scarlet has to hear this too and 
I REALLYREALLY*REALLY*wannatalktoRustaboutbeingtheonewhogetspeopleinto 
situationswherepeoplearegettingshotatjustcausetheyhappentohaveredhair 
andIdonteven*know*whathappenedtoHefnersFollyandbelieveme--"
    "WAIT," Daria cut his speedrant off.  "*Upchuck* got *shot?*"
    "Shot *at*.  They won't tell teenagers *anydamnthing.*   All 
I know is that I split off from the rest to check out the surveillance 
gear and let Hefner's Folly hang with Nympho-Goth and I was poking around 
with some of it and I don't know what exactly happened but there was 
a gunshot and he was on the damn floor -- why'd he have to start wearing 
the black jeans and crap *anyway?*  And Mara was screaming and Wimp-in-
the-Willows FAINTEDandsodidthetourbimboandBarchstartedOFFononeand...
EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEP!"
    Daria, having had just about enough of this, slapped him once, 
forehand.  He blinked at her and rubbed his cheek.  "Sorry.  You were 
hysterical."
    "*You* didn't get *shot* at!"  He thought about it, once he 
noticed her Look.  "Recently.  ANYWAY."
    "You're right.  The others have to know."  She picked up the 
phone and dialed, then waited for pickup.  "Jane?  Outside Lynn's.  With 
the Plymouth.  Five minutes at the *very* most."  A.P. guessed Scarlet 
must be asking what went on.  "We're going to pry answers out of the 
*other* bartending bastard in our lives."  Another pause.  "Oh, and call 
Tom."  That presumably got a reply asking why her.  "Because *you* have 
his number carved on your wall from when you were dating.  It's the one 
ringed in barbed wire."  Pause for more query.  "Yes, you can bring it 
to the inquisition.  Five minutes."  Daria hit the cutoff button and 
looked at A.P.  He looked back at least as stoically as he knew how.

_Biers_

Daria, A.P., and Jane barged through the door and came striding up to 
the bar.  Shooter looked a little bit panicked.  "Uh...what can I get 
you?"
    "Information," Daria replied.
    "PEOPLE ARE *SHOOTING* AT ME!" A.P. added.  "AND LYNN'S *GONE*!"
    Shooter raised an eyebrow at that.  "Gone as in...?"
    "Gone as in `voom,'" Jane clarified.
    Shooter grabbed the bar phone, dialed a long distance number 
and waited.  At length...  "Warlock?  I have three teenagers in my bar 
telling me things concerning Peril.  Are you updated on this?"  He must 
have been.  "Oh *Christ.*"  More from the far bar.  "You're kidding.  
And you didn't talk her *down*?"  Whatever Warlock said to *that*, it 
made Shooter nervous.  "Right, right; sorry.  I'll get in touch as 
developments warrant."  He hung up.  "Okay.  Now why are you here?  I'm 
pretty sure you *should* have stayed low."  Tom entered, with the utmost 
trepidation.  "Oh, I see.  Enter the goat."
    "First it's H," the new arrival muttered, "now it's `goat'?"
    "Better you than me, H..."
    Tom then noticed the glowers being sent his way.  "Uh...hi."
    "Oh, hi."  Jane turned to Daria.  "Can I hit him?"
    "Not yet."  Now Daria turned to Tom.  "What did *you* know about 
this?"
    Tom almost visibly bigsweatdropped.  "Know about *what*?"
    "Oh, great, typical," Jane snarled; "once *again* he's clueless!"
    Tom looked around at them, beginning to realize that something 
was amiss.  "What went down?"
    "More like whom," Daria replied.  After a moment, she noticed 
his you're-going-to-make-me-ask look.  "A red-haired boy, age seventeen...
Presumably, Charles Ruttheimer the Third.  AKA Upchuck or, more recently, 
Hefner's Folly."  A shocked silence followed this flat statement.
    After a moment to recover, Tom got back to business.  "...Where's 
Peril?"
    "Probably halfway to Houston by now!" snapped A.P.
    "Did we talk to Rat?"
    Now even Shooter was exasperated.  "How do you think we *know*?"
    Tom became very interested in his own shoes.  "Oh.  Right."  
A bleak pause descended.
    "You're not going to ask," Daria realized at length, "so I guess 
it's up to us.  What's being done to *find* her?"  Tom shrank back with 
an I-should-have-thought-of-that look.
    "Rat's spreading out his few contacts," Shooter replied.  "Rat 
himself is at the morgue they took the redhead to.  They'll find her."
    Daria, Jane and A.P. looked at Shooter and Tom for a moment.  
Then they went to a table at the far end of the room and sat, waiting.
    Tom looked over at Shooter.  "One more question."
    "What *now*?"
    "Who gets to tell Falcon?"
    Long silence.  They looked at Daria, Jane and A.P.  They looked 
at each other.  Then they looked at the phone.  Then back to each other 
and, with one accord, "Warlock can do it."

_a deserted road, somewhere in Texas_

All seemed peaceful to the passing critters.  Then a motorcycle engine 
became audible in the distance.  The sound dopplered, then a purple blur 
shot into view, finally screeching to a halt on the shoulder.  It was 
very quiet.  Not a car in sight.
    Lynn looked out at the very flat ground around her.  "I got him 
shot.  And it keeps on happening, no matter *what* I say."  She unzipped 
her jacket and pulled her gun from the shoulder holster.  She looked 
at it a moment, her face growing resigned.  Then she raised it to her 
temple.


ACT 3: CALL AND ANSWER

"Only you can fill my blank heart
    And I'm resigned to that...
    I'll forget to breathe someday
    I never stop to think why."
    -- Blur, "Resigned"

"And," to quote the final fit of the original _Hitch-Hiker's Guide_ radio 
series, "since this is of course an immensely frustrating and nerve-
wracking moment for the narrative suddenly to switch tracks again, that 
is precisely what the narrative will now do."

_A hospital waiting room (undisclosed for security reasons), Houston, 
TX_

The students were milling around, looking shocked and a little frenzied.  
Rat was off to one side, very inconspicuous with the tense waiting 
posture of *anyone* in a hospital waiting room.  An orderly came in with 
a pack of cigarettes in one hand, stopped in the doorway and surveyed 
the scene.
    Police were milling around, talking to people.  A pair of them 
were speaking to a deeply distraught Brett.  "No, I didn't see anything!
I was walking behind them -- as far out of sight of his girlfriend as 
I could get -- and next second my cousin..."  He choked on tears of anger 
or grief, or probably both.
    "Your cousin -- that's Charles Ruttheimer?" one of the uniforms 
asked.
    "The Third, yeah.  Now can we *drop* this?"
    "We're trying to get to the bottom of this, son.  Now, if we 
can just ask a few more questions..."
    Brett gave an aggrieved sigh.
    Rat pulled out his cellphone.  As he flipped it open, it rang.  
He hit the RECEIVE button.  It was just the Warlock he'd been about to 
call.  "Peril inbound.  Catch her."
    "Right.  Update -- casualty named Charles Ruttheimer the Third."
    "Warlock: Understood."  Klik.  Rat put the phone away.
    In another corner of the room, a lonely payphone stood.  The 
orderly I mentioned stepped over to that payphone, groped for change, 
plunked some into the phone and dialed.  He waited for pickup...and, 
when he got it, said, "Room 216 please."

_Room 216_

It was a fairly nice hotel room.  To maintain suspense, all we'll see 
of its occupant is the back of the chair he sat in and his black-clad 
elbow leaning on the arm, reading the paper.  He didn't have a white 
cat to stroke, but he should have had.  The phone on the table beside 
him rang.  He shut the paper and picked up the phone.  "Yes?" he said 
in a politely bland voice.
    "Uh...uh...uh..." the orderly said intelligently.
    Total lack of emotion.  "You have a report?"
    Pants-wetting fear.  "Turns out the casualty is one Charles 
Ruttheimer the Third.  Apparently he looks a lot like your target."
    Long silence.  Then the man hung up.  More silence as he digested 
this, almost audibly.  At length, and still with no trace at all of any 
emotion you've ever experienced in yourself or seen in another, he noted, 
"Damn."

_The roadside_

Mere moments have elapsed since Lynn put the gun to her head.
    _You *want* his death to be wasted?_
    Lynn literally jumped, as if she'd actually heard Warlock speak 
the words aloud. Then she lowered the gun and looks at it.  Obviously 
shaken, trying mainly to convince herself, she observed, "It's not for 
sure yet."  She reholstered the gun, remounted Amethyst and rode off.


_Outside the hospital_

Amethyst rolled up and Lynn hops off.  She headed for the door, but was 
stopped by Rat.  "Peril."
    A tense moment.  Lynn squared her jaw and got businesslike.  
"Sitrep?" she asked flatly.
    "Casualty name Charles Ruttheimer III.  Cause of death: bullet 
wound to the back of the head from long range.  Secondary cause of death, 
probable: resemblance to Maverick."
    Lynn closed her eyes for a moment; her breathing went slightly 
ragged.  "Traceability to the Family?" she asked.
    "The police are totally confused.  As usual."
    She allowed herself a very brief smile.  "That's one thing."  
Another moment.  "And you're still here because...?"
    "First, to intercept you.  Second, to cover you.  There's a 
Merritt sniper running around this town and you're probably target #2."
    She took an instinctive step back.  "I see."
    Rat looked around, mostly at rooftops and the like.  "I have 
a pretty good idea who it is.  In the meantime, try to keep low."
    Another step back.  "I'm sick of `keeping low.'  I'm a teenager, 
not a field mouse."
    "As you will.  Just don't lose your head."
    "Oh, the sense of humor.  Get the hell away from me."  Rat turned 
and walked off.  Lynn sighed and slumped against the wall.

_The kitchen, Casa Lane_

Daria and Jane came in, the former that little bit too quiet.  "Look," 
Jane insisted, trying desperately to stay cheerful, "whoever's out there 
will find her.  The Smythes seem good enough at what they do..."
    "So are the Merritts."  After a moment, Daria noticed the 
stricken look on Jane's face and changed the subject.  "I keep feeling 
like there's someone we forgot to tell."
    Voices floated up from the open basement door.  "I'm *really* 
getting *sick* of this!" Nick snapped.
    "Hey man, chill," Trent rasped.  "She'll be by."
    Realization hit Jane.  "Oh crap, I forgot.  Spiral rehearsal."  
She thought a moment, then turned to Daria.  "I think I have a purple 
jacket somewhere..."
    "Jaaaaaaaaane..."
    So they went on down into the Dungeon and approached the original 
Spiral lineup with some trepidation; the quartet all looked very annoyed 
at Lynn's absence.  "Hey Janey. -- Hey Daria.  Seen Lynn?"
    "Uh...yes," Daria said simply.
    Silence.
    "She was supposed to be here half an hour ago."
    "She...had something else to do," Jane replied unhelpfully.
    "One of these days *I*'m going to have something else to do."
    Daria heard that mutter and got snappish.  "It's not like *that,* 
Max!"
    Sheepish silence.
    "Then what *IS* it like?"
    "Uh..." the girls replied.
    Jane sighed.  "Guys, she took off for Houston."  After a pause, 
she decided she might as well say it.  "*Family* business."
    "She *what?!*" arose from four throats at once, closely followed 
by "...OH."
    "Look," Daria interjected, "if she comes back..."
    That was the wrong thing to say to Sir Naps-a-Lot.  "`IF'?!"
    "Some of the Family `business' involved flying bullets."
    Trent looked at Daria, past her to Jane, then back at Daria.  
"Did it involve the punk?"
    "Sort of," Jane allowed as.  "You maybe remember us telling you 
about Upchuck Ruttheimer?"
    Nick remembered.  "That redhaired idiot who hit on you at that 
one gig?  Sure."
    "He took a bullet," Daria explained, "that was apparently meant 
for A.P."
    "Problem is," Jane took the thread back up, "Lynn didn't know 
when she left that it *wasn't* A.P. who took that bullet."
    Stunned silence.
    "So, where *is* the punk?"
    "At home," Daria replied, "hiding from his parents.  And us.  
He just couldn't take any more."
    "Is that really smart, if someone just took a shot at him?"
    "Jesse, I don't know, and frankly, I don't much care.  I'm too 
busy worrying that I'm going to go back to being a one-sibling family 
again."  Looks were exchanged.
    "What if we go after her?" Trent volunteered.
    Jane had an instant answer to that.  "What if I break out the 
red and white paint and do target designs on our backs?"
    "Are you *kidding*?" Max scoffed.  "Her Merc would leave the 
Tank *or* your car in the dust -- not to mention her bike!"
    "And it's the bike she took," Daria pointed out.  "So you can 
drop that idea right now."  After letting that hang there a sad moment, 
she confessed, "All we can do is wait."
    "Does she have Family down there?" Jesse wondered.
    "Well, *one* of the rat-bastards lives there.  Emphasis on `Rat.'"
    "Can we call *HIM*?" Max snapped.
    "If we knew his number.  Which we don't."
    "Can we call *anyone*?"
    "No one I particularly want to speak to."
    "Even if it means her life?"
    "Trent, we're the last people on the planet she trusts.  She 
ever finds we turned to them, she ceases to trust *us.*  *Then* who keeps 
her alive?"
    "None of us wants to sit and wait," Max groused.
    "Then rehearse!" Jane snarled.  "Bash out something loud and 
obnoxious!"
    "How are we supposed to concentrate on playing when..."  Nick 
trailed off.
    In surprisingly gentle tones for someone turning that sharp a 
knife, Daria said simply, "She would want you to."
    "She wants that," Trent rasped.  "But she *needs* help."
    Jane cut her eyes to Daria, then shoved Trent up against a wall.  
"And love-of-your-life," she gritted quietly, "needs *you* to *drop* 
this before she starts to cry and blows her entire persona, do you 
understand?"
    "And if Lynn doesn't come back?"  Asked equally quietly.
    "Then we help her through.  But right now, A.P.'s not the *only* 
one who can't take any more."

_Inner Sanctum kitchen, TBM_

Pagebert was at the counter, assembling a "meal" out of spare parts.  
Warlock barged in and makes for the fridge.  While Warlock was rummaging, 
the phone rang; Pagebert, sensing the bad mood, dropped what he'd been 
doing and picked up.  "Blue Motorcycle. -- Rat."  Warlock looked around 
and seemed to develop a sudden itch to grab the phone from Pagebert.  
There was silence as Pagebert listened.  "So she knows? -- And she went 
home? -- I don't think Warlock's going to like that `probably,' Rat..."
    He disliked it enough to hit his head on the inside top of the 
fridge.  "*`Probably'*?!?  Give me that!"  He snatched the phone from 
Pagebert without waiting for a handoff.  "You didn't follow her? -- 
*Fine,* she pissed you off; she *does* that.  Still! -- Okay.  Okay." 
(...)  "How long ago?"  (...)  "Do we have any idea *who*? -- Touche."  
(...)  "First priority is figuring out exactly who."  (...)  "Right.  
That's your job; I'll leave you to it."  He hung up.  Tense silence 
supervened in the room as Pagebert watched him warily.
    And along came Scar, in a black T-shirt, blue boxers and bed-
hair.  "Coffee?" she semi-grogged, then noticed Warlock practically 
giving off steam.  "What's up, Warlock?"  She caught Pagebert's warning 
gestures, but a second too late.
    "What's *up* is that *Peril* is pissing off her protection and 
driving through a city where *one* Merritt sniper has already struck."  
Scar turned to Pagebert with a look that says, "What the *hell*?"  
Pagebert sort of shrugged at her and continued his effort to become one 
with the walls.  "I'll be on the range," Warlock said and stormed out.
    Scar and Pagebert both winced, then she turned on him.  "You.  
Explain.  NOW."
    Pagebert tried to burrow into the wall again.

_basement armory, TBM_

Warlock looked over the weapons, eventually picking out an M-16.  As 
he picked it up and started to load it, his cellphone rang.  He picked 
up with something resembling a snarl.  "Warlock," he grated.
    "It's Shooter.  She's here."  He sounded nervous.
    "Peril?"
    "No, the Queen Mother.  Of *course,* Peril. -- Uh, I think I 
need advice here."
    "About.  *What*?"
    "Her and drinking.  Staring at a San Fran Iced Tea like she'd 
like to drown in it.  Being *way* too quiet."
    Warlock charged upstairs.  "Were it anyone else, I'd say draw 
her out."
    Shooter nearly sounded thankful.  "But not me?"
    Warlock held the phone away from his face and shouted, "Scar!  
Contact the Lawndale group, tell them Peril alive and well!"  He thought 
about that, then added, "Physically, anyway."  Back to the phone.  "*I* 
can barely do it; I don't think *you* can."
    "So what *do* I do?  I don't know if I like the look on her 
face.  Or lack thereof."
    "Do what works with her."  His bitterness traveled down the 
airwaves nicely.  "Nothing."
    In Biers, Shooter looked over and winced a little.  "Well, she's 
left."
    "Shit."  Warlock hung up and dialed again.

_Living room, Casa Lane_

From the basement, Daria and Jane could hear the Spiral bashing out one 
of their pre-Peril originals -- and doing it no justice at *all*.  The 
phone rang, and Jane leaped up, nearly knocking the sofa over in her 
haste to grab the receiver.  "Yeah, yeah, what?"
    "Scarlet?  Scar here. -- That sounded *stupid.*"
    "We don't normally hear from *you.*  Or *anyone* other than..."  
Jane groped for a decent insult.
    Scar intervened before she could find one.  "Warlock, I know.  
He's as much of a people person as we have.  Anyway, just letting you 
know that Shooter called -- Peril's back there."
    "Back *where*?  And for how *long*?  There was rehearsal and 
she hasn't been here!"
    "She was at Biers, then bugged out."
    Jane couldn't keep the scorn out of her voice; she hoped it oozed 
all over the counter at TBM.  "I take it you people keep *no* track.  
We'll find her.  She's on *our* turf now."  She hung up very abruptly, 
then turned to Daria -- then, without another word, headed for the door 
to the living room.  "YO, IMPOSSIBLE MISSION SQUAD!  YOUR MISSION, SHOULD YOU 
CHOOSE TO ACCEPT IT..."  Daria rolled her eyes, looking 
a little relieved.

_The Techno-Weasel's Den, McIntyre Manor_

The Barenaked Ladies' "Call and Answer" was coming out of the stereo 
-- loud.  A.P. frowned worriedly at CNN.com, then alt-tabbed to reveal 
Yahoo News.  He frowned deeper.  "Oh, come *on,* you stupid..."  He made 
a frustrated noise and scrubbed his hands through his hair.  "You're 
supposed to be updated *regularly!*"  There was a *clunk* as a ladder 
hit the outside of his windowsill.  Deafened by frustration and loud 
music, he didn't hear it and alt-tabbed again to "Morbid Mort's Mortuary 
Mania."  After a scan, he alt-tabbed away from that with a wince.  He 
was perusing Ananova when Lynn appeared at his window, pried it open 
and clambered in, watching him warily.
    He continued staring at the virtual girl on the screen.  "C'mon, 
c'mon, tell me something, *anything*..."
    "I got back okay," Lynn said from across the room.
    A.P. didn't hear.  "C'mon, *please,* I've got to know..."
    "NO NEWS IS GOOD NEWS!"
    "GAH!"  He spun round and fell off the chair.  Lynn winced.  
"I'm okay, I'm okay, I just did the falling-down thing *again,* I..."  
The full impact hit him.  "Lynn?"
    For one of a few times in her life, Lynn was lost for words.  
"Uh...hi."
    "I...kind of want to hit you for scaring me so bad.  But I'd 
lose an arm, right?"
    Lynn just looked at him, squaring her jaw as if to say, _Go ahead 
if you're going to -- I probably deserve it._  A.P. got up and stepped 
toward her, his arm coming up...then he just grabbed her in a firm hug.  
Lynn did a facefault, then relaxed a little and hugged back -- *tight*.

_outside McIntyre Manor_

The A-Tank rolled up in front of the house.  The front passenger window 
rolled down and Jane poked her head out.  "There's a light on in the 
window and a silhouette...can't quite..."
    Daria craned her head out, looked around...then gave a slightly 
exasperated little smile and tapped her best friend on the shoulder.  
"Um...Jane?"  She pointed out Amethyst, parked in the driveway.
    "oh."  The girls pulled their heads back into the A-Tank, and 
Jane rolled the window up as the A-Tank pulled away.

ADAPTOR'S NOTES
    Sorry I'm late, but I've been too deliriously happy to spoil 
the mood working on a story like this.  Then the source of that delirious 
happiness said she'd like to see it done.  Who am I to argue?
    I gave "Johnny Parks" that name in honor of John Wyndham Parkes 
Lucas Beynon Harris, better known simply as John Wyndham, whose book 
_The Midwich Cuckoos_ inspired both versions of _Village of the Damned_.
    The white cat mention is inspired by Blofeld's white cat, the 
basis for MAD Cat and for Dr. Claw's habit of staying out of sight.
    Obligatory legal blap: Daria Morgendorffer was created (as were 
the rest of the Lawndale characters) by Glenn Eichler and Susie Lewis 
Lynn, and she and her neighbors are copyright 1993, 1997, 2001 MTV 
Networks, a Viacom company.  (As Michelle Klein-Haess has pointed out, 
work-for-hire sucks the yolks from ostrich eggs.)  Monty Python quotes 
and characters are copyright 1970, 2001 Python (Monty) Pictures Ltd.  
They are here used, without the permission of their creators or owners, 
in the not-for-profit context of fan-fiction.  The characters of Lynn 
Cullen, A.P. McIntyre, and the rest of (a) the Oakwood posse and (b) 
the Smythe Family are copyright 1999, 2001 by Janet "Canadibrit" Neilson. 
This storyline is copyright 2001 Canadibrit and Ben Yee and was adapted 
by Austin Loomis (to whom the prose format version is also copyright 
2001) with their permission.
    All other characters (in this case, St Christopher's own Roz 
Wilson and this Marc Honson guy), locations (the Lyndon B. Johnson Space 
Center) and incidents are either imaginary or used fictitiously.  Any 
coincidence of names is regretted, and any resemblance to persons living, 
dead, undead, or wandering the night in ghostly torment is either purely 
satirical or not my fault.
    As a "substantially transformative" derivative work, this story 
is protected by the Supreme Court's decision in re Campbell v. Acuff 
Rose Music.  It may be freely redistributed as long as this copyright 
notice is maintained intact, but may not be in any way redistributed 
for profit without the permission of the legal owners of all concepts 
involved.  The present author hereby gives permission for any and all 
keepers of Daria fanfic pages to archive this work (as if I could stop 
them).  Any publication of this story for profit without the express 
written permission of Austin Loomis, Janet Neilson, Ben Yee and MTV 
Networks (like any of that'll happen, especially the last) is strictly 
prohibited, and violators, if I ever decide to track them down, will 
be strung up by the thumbs, beaten about the head and shoulders with 
a free-range carrot, and then handed over to corporate lawyers who will 
do terrible things to them.  On purpose.

Austin, and good day.
Al D T0 W- Q Fw^Fr
O+ Ow+OH+Of m c- MV+
F:111,208,313,407,513 BB+ FCT -DT+ q fJ^fj^fD
