_The Look-Alike Series_
(Daria fan fiction by Canadibrit)
Episode 6: "Swear to Be Different"
prose adaptation by Austin Loomis

The day they would remember forever began like any other day in the 
hallowed halls of Lawndale High.  Daria Morgendorffer, brain par 
excellence, was at her locker, swapping books for her next class.  
Her first (and still probably best) friend, Jane Lane, was looking 
through a stack of papers.
	Daria asked the big question.  "So how'd you do on the `Which 
Era I'd Like to Have Lived in and Why' essay for DeMartino?"
	Jane shrugged.  "C+.  He didn't really think my wanting to have 
reshaped artistic history in the Italian Renaissance was particularly 
significant to his political bent...but he couldn't really fail me for 
it either.  You?"
	"The usual A.  He particularly enjoyed my caveat about my reduced 
life expectancy in Puritan times due to the tendency of the people of 
the day to burn aberrant personalities at the stake as heretics. -- How 
about you, Lynn?"
	Lynn Cullen, Daria's near-double, was immersed in her chosen 
reading material: _Loose Lips Sink Ships: How to Maintain Silence No 
Matter WHAT You Know or HOW They Torture You!_  "Hmm?" she asked
intelligently.  "What?"  Back to reality now, she reviewed the question 
from short-term memory.  "Oh, I don't know yet. I've got him next."
	"What era did *you* pick?" Jane wondered.
	"The Sixties `Flower Power' thing.  You know, peace, pot, 
promiscuity and protest.  Back when scruffy kids really thought they 
could make a difference and giving a damn was more than a fashion 
statement. -- I bet I get reamed for it, though.  I kind of mouthed off 
about 'Nam."
	"That can't be good.  We all know how DeMartino feels about 
*that* bit of our nation's glorious past."
	"Eh.  As Shakespeare said, 'What's done is done and cannot be 
undone.'"
	"That was before white-out was invented," Daria pointed out.

				      * * *

Anthony DeMartino, their history teacher -- of whom Daria had written 
in her diary "Beneath his gruff exterior, he's a puppy dog; a rabid puppy 
dog" -- was standing at the front of the room, looking through the 
students' essays. He stopped in front of Lynn's desk -- she, of course, 
was in the front row.  "Lynn," he said, his eye periodically bulging 
for emphasis as usual, "*your* paper was *particularly* thought-provoking
...*especially* your description of this country's *unfortunate* 
Vietnamese encounter as an exercise in *intolerance* eclipsed only by 
*Bergen-Belsen* and the Salem *witch* hunts!"
	With a casual shrug, Lynn replied, "I called it as it was seen 
in my chosen era, sir."
	"Although I don't *agree* with your viewpoint," DeMartino added 
grudgingly, "my sense of *fair play* forces me to give you an A."
	In all sincerity, Lynn replied, "I won't hold it against 
you, sir."
	There were a few snickers, but DeMartino ignored them as he moved 
on to another paper -- and moved down the row a little to face Brittany 
Taylor, head cheerleader and carrier of a shoulder-mounted echo chamber, 
who was doodling pom-poms on her notebook.  "Now, Brittany...From what 
of this illegible *scrawl* I can make *out,* you chose the 1950's."
	Brittany twirled her hair around her little finger with her most 
vapid expression as she replied, "Um...okay!" in the tones of one who's 
not really sure what question's being asked.
	"In response to my inquiry as to *why,* Brittany, you put down 
`*hula* hoops and *poodle* skirts.'  Now, Brittany, can you explain how 
the *fleeting fads* of an *insipid* era have made *any* difference to 
the life of *anyone* with the *brain capacity* of a *spore mold?*
	Even Brittany, not known for her keen insight, could sense that 
she was in trouble -- Mr. D was much angrier than usual, which in his 
case took a lot of doing -- but for the life of her, she couldn't think 
of anything to say except the truth.  "Um...cheerleading?"
	DeMartino tore at his hair for a moment, then exploded in her 
face.  "I've *had* it, Brittany!  I'm *sick* of your *consistent* refusal 
to grasp the concept that *you are a moron!*  You have *nothing* going 
for you but an admittedly *impressive* body that will *sag* in your 
middle years and a *sieve-like* mind that will only attract men seeking 
to avoid *conversation* and intelligent *pre-nuptial* agreements! You 
are a *waste of space,* Brittany, a *nothing!*"
	Not even Brittany the Living Pudding could fail to understand 
this barrage of insults.  She began to cry.  Lynn started to get really 
angry, but DeMartino hadn't extracted his pound of flesh yet.
	"Once you hand in your *pom-poms* in your senior *year, no one* 
will even remember your *name!*  The only mark *you'll* ever make on 
the world is a *notch* on someone's *bedpost!*"
	Brittany ran from the room, sobbing as she hadn't done since 
Kevin was called up on stage without her at the Amazon Modeling class.  
In that moment, Lynn finally snapped.  She lunged out of her chair, 
palms on her desk, and shouted "*Lay off her, you abusive f***!*"

				      * * *

"How do you think DeMartino reacted to Lynn's paper?" Jane asked Daria 
as they walked down the hall.
	Just then, the door immediately in front of them burst open, 
and DeMartino charged out, dragging Lynn behind him by her ear.
	"Ah," she said, "now we see the violence inherent in the system!  
*Come and see the violence inherent in the system!  Help, help, I'm being 
repressed!*"  The two then moved out of sight and earshot, heading in 
the direction of the principal's office.
	"What the hell was that?"
	"_Monty Python and the Holy Grail_," Daria explained.  "Dennis 
the anarcho-syndicalist peasant."
	Jane looked a bit confused.  "Do we really want to know?"
	"Well, you asked how he reacted to her paper..."

				      * * *

In her room at Casa Lana, Jane was working on a painting inspired by 
her best friend's essay: Daria dressed in Puritan clothing and tied to 
a stake, as torches waved in the foreground.  I don't know if she'd ever 
seen Richard Pryor's album _Was It Something I Said?_, but even if she 
hadn't, the resemblance was eerie.  Daria was sitting on Jane's bed, 
staring at the opposite wall.  Lynn was lying at Daria's feet in the 
"something eating at my soul" pose more often adopted by Daria herself; 
she'd just told them how DeMartino had reacted to the two papers, and 
how *she'd* reacted to the second reaction.
	"So you used a word that gets bleeped on Jerry Springer," Jane 
noted nonchalantly.  "Big deal.  What *really* surprises me is that you 
stood up for Brittany."
	"Yeah," Lynn observed morosely.  "I defended her right to have 
that pink insulation stuff where her brain should be.  And now I'm paying 
for it."
	"So what'd you get?" Daria asked, sounding vaguely sympathetic.  
"Detention?  Suspension?"
	With a mock casualness she didn't really feel, Lynn replied, 
"Expulsion, actually."
	Jane was genuinely shocked.  "*What?*  For swearing at a teacher 
*once?*"
	"Let's not forget, `with cause,'" Daria pointed out.
	Lynn tried to stay casual.  "Hey, I got off lucky.  I think Ms. 
Li would have happily seen me get twenty lashes followed by a public 
hanging from the Tommy Sherman Memorial Goalpost.  She's got a real hate 
on for me."
	"Maybe so, but that can't be fair."
	"I've never got the impression that life was fair," Lynn observed,
morosely but still matter-of-factly; "why should it start now?"  She 
sighed heavily.  "I suppose there are good points to this.  Mom's in 
Brussels on business this week, so she won't find out until next Monday.  
That'll give me plenty of time to think up a good defense...or get the 
hell out of the country, whichever's easiest."  She grinned.  "And 
anyway, I've *always* wanted an excuse to use that line and mean it."
	"What," Jane wondered, "the abusive--"
	"I think she means the Monty Python line," Daria opined.
	"Oh."  An uncomfortable pause.  "Hey, Lynn, do you want to stay 
over tonight?"
	Lynn sighed again.  "Nah.  Thanks, but I really just want to 
be alone with this one."  She got up to go.  "If you don't hear from 
me by Sunday, assume I've run away to join the ranks of the homeless 
unemployed."  And on that cheery note, she made her exit.
	Daria was feeling a desperate need to *do something.*  "Can we 
just let this happen?"
	"Sure," Jane replied, "but that'll mean Lynn gets thrown into 
some other school so she can make other people's lives miserable.  
Wouldn't that deprive us of the pleasure of watching Lawndale *really* 
suffer?"
	"So we need a plan.  Any ideas?"
	Jane shrugged.  "Hey, you two are the devious, subversive ones.  
I just go along with your evil schemes for fun and profit.  You think 
of something."
	Daria glared slightly at Jane, who smiled and ironically saluted 
her with a paintbrush.

				      * * *

Dinner that night at Morgendorffer Home Base was that old standard, 
concentrated starch and protein squares with genuine imitation cheese-
food-and-tomatin topping -- in other words, lasagna.  Daria's father 
was hidden behind the newspaper as usual.  Quinn, Daria's too-perfect 
younger sister, was picking at her food with a dreamy expression on her 
face -- probably thinking about her Phantom Admirer.  Daria's mother 
was suspiciously eyeing her elder daughter, who hadn't touched her "food" 
and was now looking miserably at her plate.  Usually Daria was just 
blandly stoic; if she was actually showing how down she felt, she must 
be *really* bad off.
	"Daria...sweetie," Helen Barksdale Morgendorffer asked, a bit 
worried, "is something wrong?"
	Daria, unable even to think of a decent comeback, sighed.  "A 
friend of mine got unfairly expelled today."
	Helen frowned.  "Oh...it's not that Joanne girl, is it?  Because 
I thought that girl was trouble from day *one* and I wouldn't be at *all* 
surprised if--"
	Daria interrupted, quite forcefully in fact.  "First of all, 
I think you're referring to *Jane.*  Second, it wasn't her that got 
expelled.  Third, if you'd listened without prejudice...or listened 
at all...you would have heard me say `unfairly.'  And you wonder why 
I never tell you anything?"  She stalked away from the table.
	"Oh, damn it."  Helen realized she hadn't blown it as a parent 
*this* badly since Daria had that creative writing assignment.  *That* 
time, Daria's summary of her mother's failure had ended with the very 
good question, "Do you even know me at all?"
	Jake looked up from his paper at that moment.  "Hey...where's 
Daria?  Out with her friends?"
	_At least I'm not as oblivious as my husband,_ Helen thought.  
In fact, on that creative writing assignment, she'd managed to surprise 
Daria with her insight into the sensitive girl behind the -- what had 
she said when that football player died? -- the "misery chick" facade.
	_Time to see if that was just a fluke._

				      * * *

Daria was in her bedroom, lying on her bed and staring at the ceiling, 
when there was a knock at the door.  "The door that you have knocked 
upon is permanently out of service.  Please do not try again later...
or ever."
	Helen opened the door anyway and came in.  "Daria, can I talk 
to you?"
	"Provided you don't expect me to listen, reply, or react to you 
in any way, feel free."
	Helen was starting to get irritated.  "Look, you're not making 
it easy for me to apologize for being unfair."  More quietly, she added, 
"Now, who *did* get expelled, and why do you say it's unfair?  I'd like 
to help, if I can."
	Daria realized that her mother's legal know-how might give her 
an edge.  "DeMartino was verbally abusing a student.  Lynn told him to 
back off, and in doing so used *one* four-letter obscenity.  She was 
brought before Ms. Li and immediately expelled."
	Helen had to think it over for a moment, but concluded, "That 
certainly doesn't *sound* like an offense punishable by expulsion.  I'll 
look into it."  Warily, she added, "I assume you have every intention 
of taking matters into your own hands?"
	Daria evaded that question.  "I'll have to plead the Fifth on 
that one."  _Particularly since I'm not sure *what* I'm going to do yet._
	Helen sighed exasperatedly.  "Just don't hurt yourself or anyone 
else...and *please* keep it legal."
	With her usual deadpan tones, Daria replied, "I promise to 
abandon the nail-bombing campaign."  She looked at her mother with a 
respect she hadn't felt since...well, since her mom had suggested she 
write about her hopes and dreams, and in the process had turned out to 
know so much about her.  _It's a funny thing, Daria; you give birth to 
someone, you just get an urge to keep tabs._  "Mom..." she realized she 
wasn't sure how to say this.  "...um..."
	With a little smile, Helen helped her daughter keep to the Law 
of the Teenager.  "You're welcome."  She made her exit then, leaving 
Daria to ponder her next move...as in "figure out what that move was 
going to be."

				      * * *

Andrea Thorne had a certain reputation at Lawndale High -- specifically, 
a reputation as "that creepy Satanic death-chick."  It was a rep she 
didn't exactly work overtime to discourage, because it wasn't wholly 
inaccurate.  She *did* dress Gothick, after all, and as a practicing 
neopagan, she honored the Goddess and Her Horned consort in all Their 
aspects, occasionally including His as Judge of the Dead.
	Most of the time, though, she tried to stay off the Left-Hand 
Path, remembering the Threefold Rule and the inadvisability of calling 
up anything you can't banish, but this was shaping up to be one of the 
times when some quick-and-dirty negative vibes were just what Angela 
Li needed to shake her up.  Outcasts have to stick together, after all, 
and what happened to Lynn Cullen today might happen tomorrow to the only 
person at Lawndale High who was, despite everything, probably an even 
bigger outcast than Lynn or her friends.
	Speaking of those friends, there was Daria Morgendorffer standing 
alone at her locker.  Andrea approached her silently and stood there 
for a moment.  Daria didn't notice until Andrea did something she almost 
never did -- spoke.  Andrea's attitude toward talking was much like 
Daria's toward smiling -- she didn't like to do it unless she had a 
reason.  "So Lynn got expelled."
	Daria wheeled, momentarily taken aback, but made a quick recovery 
when she saw who it was.  "Um...yeah.  Yeah, she did."
	"Damn shame."
	Daria was confused.  "Why do you care?"
	Andrea decided it would take too long to explain.  "Dunno.  Seems 
cool."  _Cool to care about a fellow weirdo._  "So, gonna do something 
about it?"
	"Probably..." Daria replied tentatively.  _As soon as I have 
an idea what._  "Why?"
	"I wanna help.  Censorship blows."
	"Okay..." Daria replied, still wary of the silence with which 
Andrea had come up on her.  _Hmm...silence..._  An idea blossomed -- 
plausible, tempting...  "Meet me and Jane at Pizza King after school?"
	"Vegetarian supreme?"
	"Whatever."
	"Cool."  Andrea continued on her way.
	Daria stared after her.  "Okay then."  She felt her face quirk 
up into that little Mona Lisa smirk.

				      * * *

Over that vegetarian supreme, Jane and Andrea eyed each other warily, 
but when Daria mapped out the plan Andrea's quiet approach had inspired, 
they both agreed it was a damn good one.

				      * * *

In her room, Daria moved the mouse on her computer and clicked on the 
Print button in the dialogue box.  Pieces of paper came out of the 
printer, bearing the message she had written, under the heading _SPEAK 
OUT IN SILENCE_.  She looked at them with another Mona Lisa smile.

				      * * *

Andrea approached her Goth friends Susie and Bianca, giving them each 
a slip of paper.  They read the message, then nodded their agreement.

				      * * *

Jane threw some more of Trent's T-shirts onto the big pile on his bed.  
She finally located the T-shirt she wanted -- the Marilyn Manson one on 
which the Rev proclaimed, "I Am The God of F***."  The T-shirt mountain 
moved as Trent emerged from under it, looking bewildered.

				      * * *

Daria met with Andrea and her friends, looking and feeling very small 
and plain compared to them.  One of them handed her a T-shirt which said: 
"I feel for you.  Your problems interest me greatly.  I feel great 
empathy for you and the difficult life you lead.  You must be the
unluckiest person in the whole of creation.  Now f*** off and stop 
bothering me."  She read it and smirked.  _I may have to try and keep 
this one after the protest is over._

				      * * *

Jodie Abigail Landon, superstudent, read the note someone had passed 
to her -- a flyer printed in Daria's preferred typeface:
	"_SPEAK OUT IN SILENCE_
	"Silent protest against the expulsion of Lynn Cullen and the 
violation of her right to free speech.  Begins 8 a.m. on the football 
field & lasts as long as it takes."  This was followed by instructions 
for participation.
	She looked at it with an uncertain air.

				      * * *

By 7:57 or so, a very large group of students had gathered on the 
football field.  The only two things they all had in common were that 
(1) they were carrying backpacks and sleeping bags, and (2) somewhere 
on his or her person, each of them was wearing an item with "that word" 
on it.  Daria, Jane and Andrea stood below a sign that read simply:

		   IF ONE WORD RUINED A STUDENT'S FUTURE,
			    WE DARE SAY NONE AT ALL.
		   BRING LYNN CULLEN BACK TO LAWNDALE HIGH.

	Below it, scrawled in what looked for all the world like black 
lipstick, were two more words: CENSORSHIP BLOWS.
	"Was that really necessary?" Daria wondered.
	"Sums it up," Andrea replied.
	Daria sighed.  "Okay."  She checked her watch.  "We have two
minutes until the silent protest begins.  Any last words?"
	"How long do we keep this up?" Jane wondered.
	"Until Lynn gets put back in school or until the police drag
us away," Daria replied, serious as a stroke.  "I'm sick of Ms. Li 
pushing us around."
	"Hey, guys," said one of the last voices Daria had expected to 
hear in a place like this.  To judge from the surprised expressions of 
Jane and Andrea as they, like her, turned around, they hadn't expected 
it either.  But it really was Jodie, accompanied by her boyfriend and 
fellow African-American student, Michael Jordan "Mack" MacKenzie, both 
wearing "Choose Life" T-shirts with that quote from _Trainspotting_ -- 
well, Danny Boyle's film of it, anyway.  Daria hadn't yet read Irvine 
Welsh's original novel, though she intended to do so one of these days, 
so she didn't know if the quote was in the book.  It's the one that runs 
along the lines of _Choose life, they say.  Choose a job.  Choose your 
friends.  Choose your future.  But why the f*** would I want to choose 
something like that?_
	"This is going to play hell with your permanent record, Jodie.  
Forty-five seconds to reconsider."
	"No way.  Colleges love this sort of thing."
	"Giving a damn as a fashion statement," Daria remembered Lynn's 
words just before the hammer had fallen.  "How right you were."  She 
raised her voice, yelling loud enough to get general attention.  "*Okay, 
people, countdown in five!  Four!  Three!  Two!  One!*"
	She pushed a button on the boom box she'd brought, and Pink 
Floyd's "Another Brick In The Wall" began to play over an entire football 
field full of utterly silent students in obscene T-shirts, reading or 
writing or staring at the clouds.

				      * * *

"o/~ We don't need no education... o/~"
	In her office, Angela Li heard the music first.
	"o/~ We don't need no thought control... o/~"
	She looked out the window, whence she could get a halfway-decent 
view of the football field.  "What the hell...?" she boggled, seeing 
that most of the student body was relocated there.
	"o/~ No dark sarcasm in the classroom... o/~"
	She took a swig from her hip flask and charged out of her office.
	"o/~ Teacher, leave them kids alone... o/~"

				      * * *

"o/~ All in all, you're just another brick in the wall. o/~"
	On the football field, the music played on as Ms. Li approached 
Daria.  "I assume *you're* ring-leading this little *circus!*"  Daria 
stayed silent, merely pointing at the sign -- "If One Word Ruined a 
Student's Future..."
	Li began to yell above the music.  "*Will all Lawndale High 
students get back to your classes immediately!  Those who obey my orders 
will not face disciplinary action, but those that remain will find an 
indelible black mark on their permanent records!*"
	Jodie looked nervous, but when Mack put a supportive hand on 
her shoulder and Jane gave her an understanding smile, you could see 
her worries evaporate, but you could also see the great effort it was 
taking her to relax.  She put a finger to her lips, silently shushing 
Ms. Li, then pointed at the sign just as Daria had done.
	"We'll just see what campus *security* has to say about *this!*"  
She stormed off the field in a high dudgeon.

				      * * *

About lunchtime, as "Battle Of The Beanfield" by The Levellers played, 
the protesting students brought out bag lunches from their backpacks 
and quietly ate them.  Mr. O'Neill, Daria's marshmallowy English teacher, 
approached, carrying a paper bag.  "This is some protest, Daria," he 
said in his gentle tones.  "I had no idea you felt so strongly about 
this."
	Daria smiled, put a finger to her lips, and pointed at the sign.  
O'Neill smiled back, put a finger to his own lips, and pointed to the 
sign as well.  Then he sat down near Daria and pulled a sandwich out 
of the paper bag.
	He'd sent home a note to Daria's parents once in which he said, 
in addition to his usual mixed-metaphor psychobabble, "If I take a 
special interest in Daria, it is because she reminds me of myself at 
a young age, before I discovered Gestalt and the writings of M. Scott 
Peck."  It looked like that younger, more smart-alecky Tim O'Neill hadn't 
been completely smothered in feel-good fluff after all.
	He took a tape from the bag and handed it to Daria.  She looked 
at it, looked at him questioningly, then stopped the Levellers CD, put 
the tape into the cassette slot, and pressed Play.
	Two voices, Paul Simon and Art Garfunkel, and a lonely acoustic 
guitar.  "o/~ Hello, darkness, my old friend... o/~"
	Daria looked at O'Neill with raised eyebrows. 
	"o/~ I've come to talk with you again... o/~"
	O'Neill shrugged, and so did Daria. 
	"o/~ Because a vision softly creeping... o/~"
	They let it run.
	"o/~ Left its seeds while I was sleeping
	And the vision...that was planted in my brain
	Still remains...within the sounds of silence... o/~"

				      * * *

At about the same moment that Paul and Art were being joined by the bass 
and drums on which CBS Records had insisted, Trent Lane approached Lynn's 
front door and rang the bell.  A moment later, Lynn herself appeared.  
"Hi, Trent," she said glumly.
	"Hey.  Can I talk to you?"
	"Sure.  I assume human companionship will at least prevent me 
from going more insane than I already am."  She opened the door wider 
to let him in.
	He followed her up to her room and seated himself on her bed 
as she returned to her computer, which was on the Web.  "Surfing for 
anything in particular?"
	"New schools.  Mom'll want me in a boarding school with bars 
on the windows after this.  I thought I'd give her some options while 
she's ripping my face off. -- What's up?"
	"I..."  He decided he wasn't ready to approach *that* topic just 
yet.  "Hey, do you want to talk about this thing that's going on with 
the school?"
	"Provided you're not suggesting that to avoid the real issue. 
-- There's not much to say.  I swore at a teacher.  I got expelled.  
No one gives a damn.  End of story. -- So you want to talk about what 
you said to me when you mistook me for Daria on Halloween?"
	Trent blushed.  Here it came.  "Yeah.  I mean...have you..."
	"See that book on the floor by my bed?"  Trent looked -- it was 
something about how _Loose Lips Sink Ships_.  "What does that tell you?"
	"I mean, I want to tell her.  I saw her that night and just..."
	"Lost what passes for your mind, I know."
	"Do *you* know what Daria thinks of me?  I mean, it'd be so much 
easier for me if I just knew that she didn't think I was some loser in 
a crappy band."
	"Look, whether I knew or not, I wouldn't tell you because 
anything anyone says to me is taken into strict confidence unless they've 
implicitly told me otherwise. -- But why don't you ask Jane?  She's your 
sister, and she's known Daria a *lot* longer than I have."
	"Janey's not talking to me about that. -- In fact, right now 
she's not talking to me about *anything.*"
	Lynn was confused.  "You two have a fight or something?  I 
thought neither of you cared enough about anything to get into arguments."
	Trent did his coughing laugh.  "I can see why Janey and Daria 
like you.  Nah, it's not like that.  You said no one gives a damn if 
you're expelled or not?"
	If anything, Lynn's confusion now deepened.  "Good recall, boy, 
but I don't..."
	"Come with me."

				      * * *

Depeche Mode were inviting the students on the football field to "Enjoy 
the Silence" when Trent's car pulled up and he and Lynn got out.
	"o/~ Words like violence break the silence
	Come crashing in, into my little world... o/~"
	"What the hell happened?" Lynn boggled.  "The school burn down 
or something?"
	"Peaceful protest," Trent explained.  "They're having a silent 
sit-in to get you reinstated at Lawndale.  Only rules are, you've gotta 
wear a shirt with `that word' on it, and *you* can't say *any* words.  
They're gonna sit there until you get brought back or they get dragged 
off."
	Lynn felt her eyes go wide.  "Really? Whoa."  Trying to maintain 
her ironic distance, she asked, "Do you think a bunch of scruffy kids 
can make a difference?"
	"Hey, it worked in the Sixties."
	Lynn raised an eyebrow, then removed her jacket.  The shirt under 
it had looked like one of her customary grey high-necked T-shirts, but 
uncovered, it turned out to be custom-printed with the cheery sentiment 
"F*** 'Em & Their Law."  She gave Trent a Mona Lisa smile that couldn't 
have looked more like one of Daria's if it had been.  "I wear this 
whenever I'm feeling down. -- Serendipitous, if you ask me."
	"Go for it. I've gotta go pick up some food for Janey and the 
others."
	"Yeah...um..."  She kind of trailed off.  Very quietly, she said, 
"Thanks."
	Just as quietly, Trent replied, "You too. And...um...if this 
thing comes off...put in a word, okay?"
	Lynn felt herself blushing, but managed a mischievous tone for 
her reply.  "So long as, if I ever ask you to do the same, you do it, 
no questions asked."
	"Deal."  He got into the car and drove away.
	Lynn faced the football field for a long moment.  _Well, here 
goes my educational career...one way or the other._
	With that, she started across the field to join her friends.
	"o/~ Words are meaningless and forgettable
	All I ever wanted, all I ever needed is here, in my arms
	Words are very unnecessary, they can only do harm... o/~"

				      * * *

The music played on.  The protesters kept sitting there, not bothering 
anyone.  Some police officers were standing around a couple of squad 
cars on the street bordering the field.  Ms. Li was shrieking at them, 
"Get those Neo-Hippies *off* my football field!"
	"As far as we're aware, Ma'am," one cop pointed out, "that 
field is public property.  No law against them sitting in it."
	"Anyway," his partner added, "we can't force 'em off.  
Technically speaking, if we try to remove them, we're in it up to our 
necks for assault."
	"That one there, with the glasses and the big boots, that you 
say got this bunch together? That's the daughter of one of this state's 
most prominent lawyers. I don't want that woman on my case if we bruise 
her first-born."
	Li was furious.  "Are you saying there's *nothing* you can do?  
What are my tax dollars *paying* for?"
	"Ma'am," the second cop attempted to placate her, "I would try 
to reconsider your position here.  I mean, you won't tell anyone why 
these people are protesting, and the nature of their protest seems to 
preclude them saying anything about it, but from what I can see, this 
is a bunch of smart, well-off kids from good homes with a genuine 
complaint against the system.  I'd hate to see the freaks with guns 
telling me what I should and shouldn't do in violent protest, but I think 
kids who can protest like this and are willing to stick it out for the 
long haul have a right to speak their minds...or express their opinions,
anyway."
	"We'll take our leave of you now, Ma'am." his partner added.  
"Have a nice day."  They motioned to their comrades, and all the cops 
got in their cars and left.
	Ms. Li glared after them.  "They won't stick at it.  Just watch.  
Kids don't have the *attention span* for this!"  She took a swig from 
her flask.

				      * * *

The night proved her wrong.  The music had been turned off to let those 
who wanted sleep get it, so the only sound was a chorus of crickets and 
the grinding of her teeth as she stood there watching the protesters 
curled up in sleeping bags or reading by flashlight.  "*Damn!*"  She 
took another swig at the flask, then threw it at a nearby tree.

				      * * *

The next morning at the offices of Vitale, Davis, Horowitz, Riordan, 
Schrecter, Schrecter and Schrecter, Helen was not, for once, pacing or 
shouting, but reading through a rather large stack of legal briefs.  
The phone rang and Marianne, her personal assistant, picked it up.  
"Helen Morgendorffer's office."  A pause.  "One moment, please."  She 
put a hand over the receiver and turned to her employer.  "Helen, it's 
Ms. Li, the principal at your daughters' school, on line one.  Something 
about silent protest?"
	_At least it's legal,_ Helen thought as she took the phone from 
Marianne.  "Hello, Ms. Li."
	"Miz Morgendorffer, your daughter Daria has instigated some sort 
of a silent protest and is at this moment cluttering up my football 
field!  I'm not sure what sort of morals you're teaching your daughter..."
	"I seem to have taught my daughter a few principles," Helen 
replied in a dangerous tone, "like standing up for friends unfairly 
treated by a woman who seems to have no problem with running pell-mell 
over student rights."
	That flustered the dragon lady.  "I..."
	Helen wasn't finished.  "I don't approve of the use of profanity 
when addressing one's elders or superiors, but I *will* condone it when 
provoked.  From what I was given to understand, Lynn Cullen was standing 
up for a fellow student being verbally abused by one of your faculty 
members who, as I *also* understand it, did not receive so much as a 
reprimand for reducing a student to tears and driving her out of the 
classroom."
	"How I conduct my disciplinary matters is none of your affair!"
	"You'd be surprised, Ms. Li.  This Lynn Cullen is a friend of 
my daughter's and, if both Lynn and her parents request that I do so, 
I will serve as legal counsel for her if and when they bring this matter 
to legal proceedings.  Every case I've come across since I heard of this 
unfortunate matter shows that your overzealous punishing of Lynn Cullen 
was completely unheard of.  There is still such a thing as freedom of 
speech in this country, Ms. Li, and while you can punish by right of 
_in loco parentis_, you cannot simply kick a child out of school for 
losing her temper *once.*  Now I know my daughter, and she and her 
friends will probably stay on your damn football field until Hell freezes 
over if you don't let the girl back into school and tell them they can 
all go home.  I would suggest you either do that or prepare for a lot 
of away games this year."  With that, she hung up right in Ms. Li's ear, 
allowing herself a small, triumphant smile.  "That's my girl."

				      * * *

At almost the same moment, on the football field, Trent was handing out 
bagels to Daria, Lynn and Jane.  "I thought you guys could use these.  
It's becoming a real long haul.  I haven't seen anyone leaving, though, 
so I guess no one's given up yet.  It's really cool how you could lead 
all these people into a protest of something really unfair, Daria."  
He turned and walked away.  Jane gave Daria a thumbs-up sign and a smug 
grin.  Daria mimed aiming a gun at Jane.  Lynn, knowing what she knew, 
simply gave the other two an indulgent smile.
	Ms. Li appeared on the field with her megaphone.  "*Attention, 
protesting student body!  I have agreed to reinstate Lynn Cullen as 
a student of Lawndale High!  I cannot waive all punishment, but instead 
of expulsion, she will be disciplined by three weeks of detention!  Some 
of your parents have called and are worried about you, so please go 
directly home and let your families know that you are safe!  That is 
all!*"
	A cheer rose from the protesters -- the first sound any of them 
had made since it started the previous day.
	Lynn was genuinely impressed.  "Wow.  Maybe I was a little harsh 
about scruffy kids making a difference."
	"I have the feeling that it was the non-scruffy element that 
won this one," Daria observed.  "I mean, what police officer in his right 
mind wants to risk bruising the precious son or daughter of a prominent 
Lawndale businessman or television personality?"
	"Or lawyer."  Lynn's voice took on a suspicious tone.  "How much 
did your mother have to do with this, Daria?"
	"Probably more than I care to know. But never mind. The important 
thing is that your mother won't tear your throat out when she comes home 
from Brussels next week."
	"And you get to watch as I tear this school to shreds before 
I leave."
	"Looking ever forward to it."
	Lynn's eyes narrowed.  "I'm sure she was threatened into 
reinstating me.  One of these days, though, I'm going to get her out 
of that power seat and behind bars where she belongs."  _And I'm going 
to start the preparations now.  Don't want to get caught short again; 
third time must *not* be the charm._  As casually as she could, she 
asked, "Want to help?"
	"Provided it doesn't interfere with my nap schedule."
	Lynn gave a little laugh.  "Well, there we are.  Look, you'd 
better scram.  Your mom'll give you hell."
	"Nope. She's working late...again."

				      * * *

Daria entered her room to find a small package on her bed, with a note 
attached.  She glanced at the note.
	"Dear Daria, sorry about working late _again,_ but when I get 
home I'd like to hear about your silent protest.  It sounds a lot like 
the things that your father and I used to do when we were about your 
age.  I came home at lunchtime because there was something I wanted 
you to have as soon as you got home.  It meant a lot to me when I was 
a teenager, and it does now.  I know that, whether you wear it (as I 
hope you will) or toss it into a drawer, you'll at least keep care of 
it for me.  It'd be nice to have it passed on to the next generation.  
Love, Mom."
	She opened the package and pulled out a medallion on a very long 
silver chain.  On one side was a purple peace sign.  On the other was 
a Taoist _Tai Ch'i_, the yin/yang symbol of the unity of opposites.  
Daria looked at it for a moment, considering, then put it on under the 
sarcastic-reading T-shirt, so that its sunny sixties optimism would be 
safely hidden by her bitter nineties cynicism.  She smiled, then switched 
on some quality television.
	"You think *your* teenager's bad?  Check out *this* family's 
pride and joy!  Prodigal sons from Purgatory, next on _Sick, Sad World_!"
	_It gets worse and worse every season,_ Daria rejoiced.

ADAPTOR'S NOTES
	This was the story that really got me hooked on the Look-Alike 
Series.  I had the privilege of getting to explain to the Canadibrit *why* 
she gets so much praise for it -- in my opinion, anyway.  As I see it, 
it's a specific case of the general principle that we all wish we'd known 
the "Daria" of our high school better than we actually did (unless we 
were one of the few people she counted as friends at the time).  Just 
so, we've all wished there'd been someone who could have rallied the 
whole school to *our* defense when we suffered some real or perceived 
injustice at the hands of the administration.  At least, I know *I* did.
	Tomatin is actually a town in Ireland, but _The Deeper Meaning 
of Liff_ defines it as "The chemical from which canned tomato soup is 
made."
	The Threefold Rule is the "Wiccan" (Neopagan) notion that whatever
you send out to the universe, the universe returns to you multiplied by
three -- in other words, Westernized karma.
	"An idea blossomed, plausible, tempting," is (of course) a quote 
from that classic of 50s pirate comics, _Tales of the Black Freighter_ 
#24, "Marooned, Part Two" by Max Shea and Walt Feinberg, by way of its 
inclusion in that classic of 80s revisionist superhero comics, _Watchmen_ 
by Alan Moore and Dave Gibbons.
	O'Neill's note to the "Morgendoplers" [sic] appears in _The Daria 
Diaries_, as does Helen's reply to it ("I understand where you're coming 
from: I too have come to superficial realizations while hugging complete 
strangers on mountaintops").
	Obligatory legal blap: Daria Morgendorffer was created (as were 
the rest of the Lawndale characters) by Glenn Eichler and Susie Lewis 
Lynn, and she and her neighbors are copyright 1993, 1997, 2000 MTV 
Networks, a Viacom company.  The _Watchmen_ quote is probably copyright 
1986, 2000 DC Comics, an AOL/TimeWarner company, and definitely not Alan 
Moore and Dave Gibbons as _Watchmen_ rightfully ought to be.  (As 
Michelle Klein-Haess has pointed out, work-for-hire sucks the yolks from 
ostrich eggs.)  Monty Python quotes and characters are copright 1970, 
1975, 2000 Python (Monty) Pictures Ltd.  Lyrics from "The Sounds of 
Silence" copyright 1965, 2000 Paul Simon.  Lyrics from "Another Brick 
in the Wall" copyright 1979, 2000 Roger Waters.  Lyrics from "Enjoy the 
Silence" copyright 1990 (I think), 2000 Depeche Mode.  (If anyone can 
give me the names of the relevant music publishers, I'd be obliged.)  
They are here used, without the permission of their creators or owners, 
in the not-for-profit context of fan-fiction.  The character of Lynn 
Cullen is copyright 1999, 2000 Janet "Canadibrit" Neilson, as is this 
storyline, which was adapted by Austin Loomis (to whom the prose format 
version is copyright 2000) with permission.
	All other characters, locations and incidents (of which I don't 
think there are any, actually) are either imaginary or used fictitiously. 
Any coincidence of names is regretted, and any resemblance to persons 
living, dead, undead, or wandering the night in ghostly torment is either 
purely satirical or not my fault.
	As a "substantially transformative" derivative work, this story 
is protected by the Supreme Court's decision in re Campbell v. Acuff 
Rose Music.  It may be freely redistributed as long as this copyright 
notice is maintained intact, but may not be in any way redistributed 
for profit without the permission of the legal owners of all concepts 
involved.  The present author hereby gives permission for any and all 
keepers of Daria fanfic pages to archive this work (as if I could stop 
them).  Any publication of this story for profit without the express 
written permission of Austin Loomis, Janet Neilson and MTV Networks (like 
any of that'll happen, especially the last) is strictly prohibited, and 
violators, if I ever decide to track them down, will be strung up by 
the thumbs, beaten about the head and shoulders with a free-range carrot, 
and then handed over to corporate lawyers who will do terrible things 
to them on purpose.
 
Austin, and good day.
