_The Look-Alike Series_
Daria fan fiction by Canadibrit
Season 3, episode 2: "Sister, Sister"
prose adaptation by Austin Loomis

"But someday I'll make him mine
 I'll wear your face, I'll come to tea
 My place or yours and then you'll see
 It's like walking through a...mirror"
    -- Robyn Hitchcock, "The Face of Death"

ACT I: FAMILY MATTERS

"`When you comin' home, dad?'  I don't know when
 But we'll get together then..."
    -- Harry Chapin, "Cat's in the Cradle"

In her room at Cedars of Lawndale, CULLEN, L. was sitting up in bed, 
in normal nightwear, reading Stephen King's _The Dead Zone_.  Jerome 
Peregrine Smythe entered the room, looking extremely hesitant.  Lynn 
glanced up at him briefly, then went back to her book.
    Jerome was the one to break the silence.  "Hello, Lynn."  After 
a moment, he realized it hadn't quite broken yet.  "How are they treating 
you?"
    She didn't even look up.  "The food is worse than the stuff in 
the school cafeteria -- I didn't think that was possible.  They ration 
the coffee, which I'd mind more if the stuff didn't taste like dishwater 
and have about the same caffeine content.  I'm bored out of my mind and 
they want to keep me in here another couple of days for observation."  
After a moment, she added, "Make of that what you will."
    Jerome looked at her.  She still didn't look up.  There was a 
long silence before he spoke again.  "May I sit down?"  She didn't bother 
to answer, but he sat anyway.  After a little more silence, he added, 
"You can berate me if you want to."
    Lynn folded a corner of the page she was on, shut the book and 
looked at him.  "I just want to know why."
    There was only one "why" she could want to know, particularly 
if she wasn't going to berate him.  "Kate made me."
    Lynn shrugged.  "I don't think anything Mom did would surprise 
me, given."  Something occurred to her.  "She has something on you, 
doesn't she.  Something big."
    Jerome raised an eyebrow.  "Now where have I heard *that* before?"
    Lynn gave a Mona Lisa smile.  "That would have been Daria.  She 
and I are...a lot alike, as you probably noticed."
    He went noticeably evasive.  "Um...yes."  He seemed to need a 
moment to gather his courage.  "Lynn, there are some things that I need 
to explain to you.  About what happened last week...among other things."
    Lynn blinked.  "You're involved in what happened last week?"
    A reluctant nod.  "In a way."  Another pause for self-focusing.  
"May I just shut the door?  It's...rather private."
    Lynn nodded, still looking at him with a face that showed her 
thoughts, which at that moment were running along the lines of _You'd 
better start making sense soon, or I'm not responsible for my actions._  
Jerome walked up to the door and slammed it shut.

                      * * *

Later, Jerome opened the door and stepped out into the corridor.  At 
his back, in the room, an ashen-faced Lynn was sitting up in bed, knees 
hugged to her chest, a horrified preoccupation on her face.  Jerome 
looked back with a dubious, penitent expression, briefly questioning 
his judgment in having told her.  Then he shook his head -- _she'd have 
needed to know, sooner or later_ -- went for his cellphone, hit the speed-
dial button and waited.
    At length, he got a reply.  "Adam?  Jerome."  An acknowledgment. 
"Any news on...?"  There was indeed, and as he heard it, he got a rather 
nasty smirk on his face.  "Good work, Adam.  You know the routine.  Now, 
I had a query.  You know that scapegrace brother of yours?  Well, I have 
a job for his son, if he's interested..."

                      * * *

Daria Morgendorffer walked into the Cranberry Commons food court and 
spotted Jerome at a table in the far corner.  She hesitated a moment, 
then moved to join him and sat down.  "Why did we need to meet here?"
    "There wasn't much point in us meeting at the hospital," came 
the reply; "Lynn wasn't up for more visitors when I last saw her.  And 
anyway, the cafeteria serves horrible coffee."
    "Is this coffee addiction some family trait I have yet to
demonstrate?"
    "Possibly."  He thought of something.  "That reminds me -- I've 
arranged things with the hospital.  The blood tests will be rushed 
through and the results available in three days at the most."
    "How'd you manage that?  Or can't you tell me?" she added so 
quickly as to leave no audible pause.
    "It's probably best if I don't.  Let's just say I have...
connections."  Daria raised an eyebrow at this but decided to let it 
go; she'd seen that gun under his jacket, and if she pushed it, he might 
decide to tell her *and* kill her.  "In any case, I'm having the results 
mailed to me, but I assumed you would prefer to pick them up at the 
hospital in person.  I trust that suits you."
    "Certainly makes maintaining the status quo at home a little 
easier."  _Speaking of relatives, that reminds me._  "Have you...?"  
    The unspoken _...told Lynn?_ came through nicely.  "This is 
something she'd take far better from you, Daria.  And I assume you won't 
want her told until you're sure yourself."
    "I thought...to warn her..."
    "Good point.  It's your decision at the end of the day.  I didn't 
feel it was my place."  He seemed to reach a decision.  "Well, I'm sure 
you have things to do, and I should be heading off myself.  It was...
interesting meeting you.  I...may I say that I hope our next meeting 
is under better circumstances?"
    "You just did."
    He sighed.  "So I did.  Good-bye, Daria."  He extended a hand.  
She looked at it warily for a moment, then reluctantly took it.  He gave 
her a Mona Lisa smile a lot like her own, shook her hand and left.  Daria 
watched him go with a suspicious, puzzled look on her face.

                      * * *

That evening in her padded room, Daria was lying on the carpet, 
surrounded by balls of paper, writing.  Every so often, she would cross 
something out.  Eventually, she tore the paper off the notebook, balled 
it up, tossed it aside and started again.  After a few lines, she tore 
*that* sheet off too, crumpling and tossing it with a groan of disgust.  
Just as she was starting up again, someone knocked on the door.  With 
an air of mild irritation, she snapped, "You!  Off my planet!"
    The door opened and Helen Barksdale Morgendorffer walked in.  
She looked down at her older daughter for a moment, then sat cross-legged 
on the floor near her.  Daria, sensing that this was probably something 
important, sat up and faced her mother.
    Helen didn't really want to get to the main thrust yet, so she 
led off with what seemed an innocuous enough question.  "What are you 
writing?"
    Daria decided to go there anyway, having been given such a neat 
setup.  "I'm trying to figure out how to tell Lynn we're related."
    Helen, who still had yet to meet Daria's look-alike, went pale.  
"Oh."  She considered her next question very carefully.  "You're sure?"
    "Not yet.  But it's only a matter of time.  Anyway, the dates 
are right, and from what I've seen of Jerome Smythe, there are some 
fairly strong similarities..."
    Helen was startled.  "You've *seen* him?"
    "He was at the hospital."  Daria let her mother consider that, 
then added, "We talked."  Then she noticed Helen squirming.  "Mom, he's 
not going to try to take Dad's place.  I wouldn't let him even if he 
wanted to.  Jake Morgendorffer is my father and always will be."
    A heavy silence fell over the padded room.
    At length, Helen, unable to help herself, had to know, "What...
what did you think of him?"
    "Let's just say I make a lot more sense now."
    Helen gave a reluctant nod and got up.  "Daria, I..."  She then 
thought better of how to say it.  "Thank you for being so discreet about 
this."
    A shrug.  "Yeah, well...yeah."
    Helen, sensing that this was the closest she was going to get 
to a _you're welcome_, made her exit.
    Daria stared at the wall for a moment, then went back to the 
paper.  She looked at it, sighed in exasperation, ripped the sheet out 
of the notebook, crumpled it up, threw it at the wall and started yet 
again.

                      * * *

Lynn bolted upright, hands over her mouth to stifle a scream.  She looked 
around a little wildly at the unfamiliar walls, then realized where she 
was -- her hospital room -- and relaxed...a little.  She switched on 
the bedside lamp and picked up _The Dead Zone_, settling in for a long 
night.  _And to think I thought the pink taffeta one was bad..._

                      * * *

The next afternoon, Daria and the rest of her friends, Jane Lane and 
Andrew Philip McIntyre, walked into the reception area at Cedars of 
Lawndale, still burdened with their school things.  A.P. bore a pizza 
box; Jane carried a thermos.
    "I dropped by yesterday," the Psycho-Maverick related morosely, 
"and the nurse said she didn't want visitors."  He needed a moment to 
decide how to phrase the next question, but that's his language skills 
for you.  "Why wouldn't she want visitors?"
    "Maybe she doesn't deal well with the fawning concern of her 
peers," Daria suggested.  Then she came up with a theory that better 
fit the Lynn she knew.  "Or she doesn't like being seen in a weak 
position.  Anyway, maybe she feels well enough to have visitors today."
    "Hey, if she doesn't," Jane observed, "she's missing out.  I 
mean, we brought decent food and actual coffee...and anyway, even *she* 
must be starving for company by now."  She turned to Daria.  "*You* were."
    "Yeah...if only because it meant the nurses had to spare me the 
vampire act for an hour or two.  I'm surprised I got out of here with 
any blood at all after that damn rash."  They got to the reception desk.  
"We're here to see Lynn Cullen..."
    "I'm afraid you're too late.  She's gone."
    Daria, Jane and A.P. turned to face the source of that voice 
-- Dr. Phillips, who had treated Daria's aforementioned erotogenic rash, 
and who was now standing behind them.  In unison, a little worried, they 
wondered, "What?"
    "She discharged herself about an hour ago.  I would have 
preferred keeping her in for observation for another few days, but she 
wasn't taking no for an answer."  His next comment was addressed to Daria 
specifically.  "Never mind what's with your mother -- what's with your 
entire *family?*"
    The trio looked at each other, a little hurt and very confused.

                      * * *

The answer to the question was in her dark and mysterious room, lying 
on her bed in the "something eating at my soul" pose.  She seemed to 
be contemplating something, maybe the same "something" that was doing 
the soul-eating.  After a moment, that something started shining out
of her eyes in a way which would indicate (at least, it would to your
average omniscient narrator) that, on its way through her head, it had
pushed the INSANITY button.  She reached for the remote control to her
stereo and hit a button, and the stereo started blaring Ministry's
"Thieves" loud enough to rattle the windows.

                      * * *

An elderly couple -- we've met them before, but their names don't matter
for our purposes -- were ambling down Glenview Road, looking askance
at number 15.  Even without the very loud noise they could hear from
inside the house, they would have been appalled -- from the comments
the girl in the upstairs window had exchanged with the boy outside the
last time they went by, they were pretty sure it was a crackhouse or
something in there -- but the racket pretending to be music made it
worse.  Then they heard, through the walls, over the discord, the sound
of very loud breakage, and they started hobbling away as quickly as they
could.


ACT II: 19th NERVOUS BREAKDOWN

"Well, the key to my survival was never in much doubt
 The question was how long I could keep sane trying to find a way out"
    -- Genesis, "No Son of Mine"

The next morning in the unhallowed halls of Lawndale High, Daria and 
Jane were by Jane's locker; Jane was collecting books and Daria was still 
scribbling phrasings on a sheet of paper.  After a moment, she frowned 
at her latest work and crossed out a fairly large chunk of prose.
    Jane noticed.  "So you haven't come up with any decent way to 
tell her?"
    "Nope.  I haven't been blocked this badly since Mr. O'Neill's 
`punishment for being smart' writing assignment."
    Jane raised an eyebrow at that memory.  "Well, you were getting 
pretty pathetic."  She needed a moment to restrain herself from reminding 
Daria of who'd helped spark her inspiration that time.  "No chance of 
getting you to ditch the subtlety and giving it to her blunt as a brick 
through a plate glass window?"
    "It's not really my style, Jane.  Anyway..."  She looked over 
toward a nearby locker, where Lynn was wearing an extremely overlarge 
gray sweatshirt and black jeans, both spattered with paint, plaster dust 
and what looked like wood splinters.  The Purple Peril had that pale, 
jittery look that denotes too much coffee and not enough sleep.  "...I 
don't think it'd be healthy.  For either of us."
    "I don't know.  She looks like she's doing okay."  After a few 
moments, she realized that needed qualifying.  "For someone who was at 
the wrong end of a murder attempt last week."
    "I thought so too...but maybe you haven't noticed A.P."
    Jane raised an eyebrow, and Daria gestured down the corridor 
to whence her boyfriend was approaching, with an expression on his face 
that called to mind the phrase "long-tailed cat in a room full of rocking 
chairs."  He looked over to Lynn's locker, but she'd already taken off; 
this actually made his look worse.
    "I think I see what you mean."  Jane addressed A.P. directly, 
her slight exasperation masking slight worry.  "Oh, come on!  I mean, 
what do you think she's going to do?"
    "She has a top-ten of suicide methods," he reported distantly.  
Daria and Jane *looked* at him, but he didn't seem to notice.  "She did 
the research a long time ago but keeps the list current.  They're on 
a one-to-ten scale by pain threshold, splatter factor and whether she 
wants to take people with her.  It's kind of a hobby."  The girls just 
continued to look at him.  "She has a morbid streak."
    "One the length and breadth of the Grand Canyon," noted Daria, 
who'd heard about the drastic steps to which that streak had once almost 
driven her look-alike.
    That comment was what it took to make A.P. finally start paying
attention to what he was saying.  "It's not like I think she's going 
to *do* it or anything.  I'm just worried.  She's too quiet."  Then he 
turned to Erudite Emerald.  "Told her yet?"
    "No."
    "Why not?  Might cheer her up."  Daria and Jane both looked at 
him some more.  "Well, it *might!*"
    Daria sighed.  "I'm going to.  Eventually.  I'm just trying to 
find the best way."
    "Not just straight out?"
    "You've known Lynn for about eleven years, right?"  A.P., not 
sure where this was going, nodded, and Daria went on.  "What do you 
honestly think she'd say and do if I walked up to her and told her that?"
    A.P. didn't even *need* to think about that.  "Think you were 
kidding, not think it was funny, tear you a new..."  Just in time to 
save our PG-13 rating, his brain caught up with his mouth.  "Oh.  Yeah.  
Right."
    The bell rang, saving them all.  They looked at each other, 
shrugged and headed off to their various classes.

                      * * *

Daria looked at the calendar.  There was a small red dot in the upper 
right hand corner of Friday of this week.  She marked off Wednesday, 
today, with a large black X.
    In the cafeteria, she was writing in her notebook again; her 
lunch sat forgotten on the table.  Jane was reading over her shoulder, 
nodding appreciatively, then groaning when Daria crossed out a very large 
section of prose.  A.P., meanwhile, was alternately looking (a) at his 
watch and (b) around, presumably for Lynn.  Outside, Lynn was sitting
under a tree, looking blankly at a sandwich.  She sighed, tossed it into 
her backpack, and took out a thermos of coffee and a copy of _Skeleton 
Crew_.
    In her room, Daria was standing in front of the mirror on her 
closet door, reading aloud from another sheet of paper.  She stopped, 
crumpled the paper and threw it to the floor, putting a hand to her head 
as her face got its _Someone put me out of my misery_ expression.
    In her own room, Lynn sat bolt upright, hands clapped over her 
mouth, breathing heavily.  She switched on the lamp, then poured herself 
a cup of coffee from the coffee machine she'd moved into her room from 
the kitchen.  She slugged it down and poured another, then reached down 
to the floor, coming up with _The Tommyknockers_.  She sipped her second 
cup and started reading, resigned to a long night.
    Daria marked off Thursday.
    In English class, A.P. looked completely lost and worried.  He 
looked from Daria, scribbling frantically in her notebook, to Lynn, 
slumped over her desk, and attempted to ponder for a moment.  Then he 
scribbled out a note and tossed it in a clumsy overhand.  Much to the 
surprise of anyone who knew him, it actually hit its mark, landing on
Lynn's desk.  She didn't even look at it, however, nor did she bother 
to brush it off her desk; it just sat there, unheeded.  He chewed his 
lower lip a moment, hurt and irritated, then tried again, aiming this 
time for Daria's desk.  She, at least, gave some acknowledgment of the 
impact, waving an _I'm okay, don't bother me just now_ circle in the 
air with her pencil.  A.P. sighed and gave it up as a bad job.
    Lynn reached for her bedside lamp to turn it off, then realized, 
in a way she'd never have let show on her face if she'd suspected anyone 
(even an omniscient narrator) was watching, that she couldn't face 
another set of nightmares.  So instead of turning off the lamp, she went 
for the coffee and pulled out _The Stand_, in her continuing effort to 
get through the entire Stephen King back catalogue as a way of staying 
up nights.
    Daria marked off the red-dotted Friday, then closed her eyes 
and paused to collect her nerve.  Before long enough, she was sitting 
on a bench in the Cedars of Lawndale reception area, holding an envelope 
and looking at it as if it were an unexploded bomb -- which, in a certain 
sense, it was.  After a moment, she tore the envelope open and pulled 
out the sheet of paper.  She read it...then sighed and nodded with a 
complete lack of surprise, all her suspicions confirmed.

                      * * *

At that moment, in the late afternoon, anyone inside Daria's room would 
have heard Quinn's voice from down the hall outside the door.  "*Daria*...
I know you, like, don't care enough about how you look to want to borrow 
my stuff, but have you seen my Coral Shimmer lipstick?  I..."  In mid-
sentence, she flung open the door to Daria's room, saw that there was 
no one there, and got an _oh, I've just been talking to myself for the
last minute or so, that was stupid_ expression.  Then she looked around 
the room, disgusted.  _Could this place get any *geekier?*_ she thought.  
_I mean, there's *books* and *paper* everywhere!_  She picked a crumpled 
piece of that paper off the floor and uncrumpled it, face creased with 
a slightly disdainful curiosity.  Then she looked at the words, and she 
could *feel* her eyes going wide.  "Oh...my...God..."

                      * * *

Not enough later, downstairs in the front hallway of Morgendorffer Home 
Base, Jake Morgendorffer entered, briefcase in hand, looking extremely 
cheerful in his usual clueless way.  "Hey Helen!  Daria!  Quinn!  Daddy's 
home and he just landed an account!"  He noticed the overwhelming lack 
of a response.  "Girls?  Honey?"  He walked on into the living room, 
dropping his briefcase next to the sofa, and looked at where the cordless 
phone should be.  It was gone, which meant someone must be home.  A note 
next to the usual site of the phone, in Quinn's handwriting, read _Mom 
working late.  Lasagna in freezer._  Jake read the note, a bit downcast, 
then headed upstairs.
    He was walking past Quinn's half-open door when the high-pitched 
tones of an excited Quinn hit him, along with a blast of some song by 
one of those girl groups.  "I *know,* Tori, isn't it *unreal?*  And now 
it turns out that Mom had some kind of affair and she's only my *half*-
sister!  It's just like _Dawson's Creek_!"  Jake felt his heart sink 
into his socks.  "And she's been writing little notes to that Lynn girl, 
telling her that they have the same *father!*  Isn't it *weird* how they 
wound up in the same town and everything?"  _So we didn't have twins 
after all.  It just looked like it._  "Well, of *course* I'm not going 
to treat her any differently..."  As Jake stood there, sad and horrified, 
Quinn appeared in the half-open door with a scornful look, oblivious 
to the notion that he might have heard anything.  "Da-*ad!*  Privacy!"  
And she slammed the door in his face, cutting off her gossiping and that 
God-awful racket.  Jake continued to stand there, staring at the closed 
door as if he could retrieve whatever had just disappeared behind it.

                      * * *

That evening, Lynn, in her Coal Chamber hockey shirt, black jeans, 
leather jacket and motorcycle helmet, exited the Chez Cullen garage, 
wheeling out Amethyst.  _King just isn't going to cut it tonight,_ she 
thought as she mounted the bike and roared off, just a little too fast.

                      * * *

The front door of Morgendorffer Home Base opened, then shut, and Daria 
walks into the living room, stopping in her tracks at the look on Jake's 
face.  Her mother's husband was sitting quietly -- too quietly -- on 
the sofa.  The TV was off.
    He spoke.  "Hey, Daria, could you sit down a second?  I want 
to talk to you."  Daria, a little nervous at the lack of his usual 
"kiddo," sat on the other sofa, wondering what she'd done wrong.  "If 
I asked you a straight question -- even if you knew I'd hate the answer 
-- you wouldn't lie to ol' Jake, would you?"
    Daria went wary.  "Um...no..."
    "Have you...heard anything lately about...about not being my 
child?"
    Daria's eyes widened.  That was the last thing she'd expected.  
"Um...where did you get that idea?"
    "I overheard Quinn on the phone.  And she said that there were 
notes in your room.  And there were -- I'm sorry for looking through 
your room, but I just..."  He sighed.  "And one of them said that you 
were getting the results of some blood test today?"  Her face must have 
been answer enough.  "Can I see?"
    Very, *very* reluctantly, she handed the paper over.  Jake looked 
at it for a moment.  "Dad, I..."
    She was "saved," if you want to call it that, from "having" to 
say anything further by the sound of a car engine and Jake handing her
the results again.  "Could you go up to your room?  I...I want to talk 
to your mother alone."
    "Dad..."
    "Just...just go, okay?"
    Daria stuffed the paper back into her pocket and got up.  As 
she headed towards the stairs, she felt her face tighten with anger.  
Quinn was going to *pay* this time.

                      * * *

At the Zen, Lynn was standing on the very outer edge of the dance floor, 
just watching the people flailing, when she heard a young male voice 
from off to the side.  "Lynn Cullen, right?"
    She turned to face the speaker, her eyes narrow and cold.  "Who 
wants to know?"
    "A friend of the family."  He looked her over.  "Whoa, and 
they weren't kidding."
    Lynn raised an eyebrow, looking slightly less aggressive, but 
feeling a lot more curious.  "That isn't telling me much.  Except that 
you know more about me than I know about you.  Which is a dangerous thing."
    "For you or for me?"
    "Both, if you continue to dodge me like this."
    Her new acquaintance chuckled slightly.  "C'mon.  We'll talk 
somewhere quieter."
    "We keep to crowded areas," Lynn replied pointedly.  "Where there 
are witnesses."
    He seemed amused.  "A coffee shop with witnesses it is."  Lynn 
watched him walk away, then shrugged and followed.


ACT III: MY SISTER

"And I never spoke to Jim [Mallon] again.  We now communicate through 
a thick wall of lawyers.  I retain more than seven thousand pounds of 
attorney, Jim more than twelve thousand."
    -- Michael J. "Mike" Nelson, "Introduction," _The Mystery Science 
Theater 3000 Amazing Colossal Episode Guide_ (Bantam, 1996)

Up in her terrifyingly chipper room, Quinn was still on the phone, draped 
across her bed, when Daria flung the door open and walked over to stand 
right in front of her.  Slightly nervous, she managed to carry on her 
end of the conversation anyway.  "Gee, Tori, I don't know if I could 
get them to adopt her or anything..."
    As far as Daria was concerned, that officially tore it.  "Quinn, 
off the phone.  Now."
    Quinn put her hand over the mouthpiece.  "*Daria!*  Stop being 
rude!  You can have it when I finish!"
    _You want rude?  I'll give you rude._  Daria grabbed the phone
and thumbed it off without so much as a by-your-leave.  She then went
over to the door, tossed the phone out into the hall, and slammed the
door behind her.  Then she turned to face her unwanted sister, her face
cold.  "*Now,* Quinn."
    "God, Daria, what is your childhood trauma?"
    "*You* are my childhood trauma, Quinn.  Never more so than now.
You've been talking about me, haven't you."
    Quinn got nervous.  "Why would I want to talk about *you?*  I
mean, you're not..."
    "*Dammit, Helen!  Eighteen years you've lied to me!  How...*"
Jake's yelling from downstairs became a slightly softer sound, but was
still audible as babble in the background for the rest of the discussion,
overridden occasionally by a shriller babble from Helen.
    "What..."
    Daria turned the knife counterclockwise.  "You were gossiping
about things that didn't involve you, Quinn.  And Dad heard you doing
it."
    "But it *does* involve me, Daria!  I mean, I'm..."
    "No.  It.  Doesn't," she said lethally.  After a pause as long
as the pauses between words in that sentence, Daria unclenched her teeth
and went on.  "Dad didn't have to know this, Quinn.  This has hurt him
and I wouldn't be surprised if he had his second heart attack over it.
And I don't know *what* it's going to do to Mom.  I'm going to have to
leave the house for a few days because neither of them is going to want
me around to remind them what they're fighting about."  She paused to
let that sink in, then stormed on.  "Is this enough *drama* for you,
Quinn?  Are you *involved* enough now?  I hope so, because too much more
of you poking your nose in might kill someone."
    "Daria...you're just trying to scare me, right?"  _Because, like,
if you are, it's...*working* and stuff._
    "Figure it out for yourself, Quinn.  You've got a brain in there
-- try using it for once."  With that, Daria walked out, leaving a
stunned and remorseful Quinn in her wake.

                      * * *

Later, Daria was sitting on the front stoop of Chez Cullen, a bag at
her feet, waiting.  After a moment, she heard the roar of a motorcycle,
and Lynn pulled up on Amethyst.  She raised the visor of her helmet,
took off her glasses, took off the helmet, then put the glasses back
on, looking at Daria -- her face was casual, but her stance was decidedly
tense.  "You been waiting long?" she asked.
    "Awhile," replied Daria.  After an awkward moment, she went on.
"I tried to get in through the window, but..."
    Lynn raised an eyebrow.  "Did you see the staples before...?"
    "Just."  She thought of something else.  "You have messages.
Jane would like to know, yet again, what rodent crawled into your colon
and expired.  A.P. has all but warned me to keep you away from sharp
objects and poisonous chemicals.  Trent asks, via Jane, when you're
coming back to rehearsals because Nick's falling back into bad habits
and Max may not survive it.  And on my own behalf, I'm not your damn
message service so start talking to people again."
    Another tense silence.
    Lynn gestured to the bag.  "More parent crap?"
    "More parent crap than you can imagine."  After a moment, Daria 
decided there was nothing for it but to say it.  "We need to talk."
    Lynn immediate went on the defensive.  "Do we," she said flatly.
    "Yes."  An inner swallowing of nerve.  "It's important."  Another 
pause, this one to swallow pride; she spoke with an uncharacteristic 
pleading note in her voice.  "Please?"
    Lynn looked at her.  "All right."  Then she had a thought.  "But 
you'll have to forgive the house."

                      * * *

Lynn walked inside casually, stepping into the front hall and slinging 
her helmet through a door to her right without even stopping.  Daria, 
however, stopped in her tracks five steps into the house and stared, 
absently shutting the door behind her.  The walls had been paintballed, 
and there were random markings etched into them.  Daria peered into the 
living room and found it in worse shape -- there wasn't a single piece 
of furniture intact, the walls and carpet had been liberally covered 
with disturbing markings in black spray-paint, and there were a couple 
of fairly large holes in the wall.  A sledgehammer lay near what had 
probably been the coffee table before the two objects had (presumably) 
met.  Daria turned to Lynn, who'd stopped halfway up the stairs.
    Lynn didn't even turn around.  "Long story."  She continued up
the stairs without another word.
    Daria, a little frightened, paused a moment.  She looked into
the living room again, tried to imagine Lynn causing that kind of wreckage
...and shuddered.  The picture had come a little too easily.  She decided 
to follow Lynn up the stairs.

                      * * *

The Chamber of Dark Mysteriousness was intact, but messy -- more or less 
every available surface was covered with coffee mugs, books, crumpled 
pieces of paper and assorted garbage.  Daria moved a pile of papers and 
a quarter-eaten peanut butter sandwich off Lynn's desk chair onto the 
desk and sat down.  Lynn sprawled face-down across the bed in a pose 
reminiscent of Trent's preferred sleeping posture, pushing a can of spray 
paint and several books onto the floor as she did so.
    Daria tried to think how to phrase her next comment, then decided 
there was "nothing for it," as Lynn's British cousin would say, but to 
get to the point.  "Um...this is a new decorating scheme for you."
    Lynn shrugged.  "Eh.  There's something therapeutic about chaos 
and wholesale destruction.  I'm kind of enjoying the holiday from reason."
    Daria gestured to the coffee mugs.  "And the insomnia binge?"
    With a sigh, Lynn confessed.  "Can't sleep."
    Daria raised an eyebrow.  "Clowns'll eat you?"
    "Not exactly clowns, Daria."
    Daria fell silent at this softly desperate comment.
    After a moment, she gathered her courage to go on with what she'd 
come here for.  "Lynn..."
    Inconveniently enough, the phone rang just then, and Lynn picked 
it up.  "Cullen residence."  The other party spoke a moment.  "You got 
my message?"  Gabble.  "I think you'll find I *can* do that.  And have."  
Blather.  "You can refuse to sell if you like.  But I'll just find 
somewhere else."  Blah blah blah.  "Because we couldn't live under the 
same roof.  Because I'd much rather not see you again.  Because you chose 
work over me one time too many."  That was where Daria figured out the 
caller's identity.  "Good; we're even."  Yadda yadda yadda.  "Fine.  
All further communication on this matter should be handled through my 
lawyer."  Something or other.  "Through Dad, if that's any of your 
business.  Good-bye, Kate."  Lynn hung up.  Her face was still quite 
expressionless, but her eyes showed her pain; she gave voice to a sigh 
that was almost a sob, would have been a sob from anyone except one of 
Jerome Smythe's daughters, and let her head hang off the side of the 
bed, face to the floor.
    Daria stared; she'd understood the gist of that conversation 
only too well.  "Um..."
    "I don't want to talk about it," Lynn muttered tonelessly.  
"She's selling me the house and that's the end of it."  She shook with 
another sigh.  "I'm better off without family anyway."
    _Now or never._  "I...I hope you don't mean that."
    Lynn looked up.  "Excuse me?"
    Daria debated for a moment...then simply handed over the much-
folded piece of paper in her pocket.  Lynn looked at her, then took it 
and unfolded it.  She read it, and not a flicker of expression crossed 
her face.
    Daria started to get nervous and babble mildly.  "I found out 
that...that I probably wasn't Jake's biological daughter a few weeks 
ago.  That day you came back from Grove Hills covered in blue gunk.  
Then you were in the hospital and...my mom met your mom and..."
    Softly, with no inflection of any kind, Lynn finished it.  "My 
father sired you."
    Daria was now growing twitchier by the literal second.  "That's
...a poetic way of putting it."
    Still flatly: "You're a Smythe."
    "T-Technically."  It would have been so easy to let go and just 
start openly gibbering.  *Much* easier.
    Lynn looked at Daria, her face neutral.  "What do you think about 
all this?"
    Daria was nearly speechless.  "Um...I..."  She took a deep, 
calming breath, then made her admission.  "I kind of like the idea."
    The first flicker of emotion appeared on Lynn's face -- and it 
was surprise.  Then it was gone.  Still neutral, she repeated, "You like 
the idea."
    "Well...not so much of being a Smythe, if you see what I mean.  
More of...of having another sister."
    There was a long silence.  Lynn just looked at her, her face 
giving nothing away.
    Daria met the look for a while, then had to look away.  She held 
her breath a moment.
    That was how she knew, afterward, that the silence couldn't have 
lasted as long as it'd seemed at the time; she was still conscious when 
Lynn finally spoke.  "I used to think, when I was younger, about what 
it would be like to have brothers or sisters.  I would have been a burden 
to an older sibling and an unpaid babysitter to a younger one.  But..."  
There was a pause before she made an admission of her own.  "I would 
have liked a twin."
    The silence fell again.
    Daria looked at Lynn -- her face was still neutral, but Daria 
had some idea, from her own inner turmoil, of what telling this was 
costing her.  "Next best thing?"
    They shared a small smile that somehow sealed everything.

                      * * *

Changed into her scrub-shirt and boxers, Daria headed back down the hall 
toward Lynn's room.  "Lynn...I just wanted to ask something about A.P.  
He..."  She stepped into the room, and the sentence died in its tracks.  
Lynn, still sprawled out on the bed on her stomach, was now fast asleep.
Daria was both relieved and rueful.  "Never mind. -- You've been hanging 
around Trent too long," she added wryly.

                      * * *

The next morning found the look-alikes at Lynn's locker.  A.P. approached 
them, looked closely at Lynn...and then smiled for what felt like the 
first time in a while.  "Hey, you slept!"
    "Yeah," she allowed as.  "Final score: six hours total in the 
last one-twenty and got through everything but _The Girl Who Loved Tom 
Gordon_.  If nothing else, it's a new personal record."
    "You say that like it's something to be proud of," Daria mused.
    "It is," they replied in unison.
    Daria raised an eyebrow at them as Jane approached.
    Lynn greeted Art-Smart Scarlet.  "In answer to your question, 
Jane -- you have me confused with Richard Gere, and in his case I believe 
it was a gerbil."
    "Oh," Jane replied as she searched her short-term memory for 
the referent of that observation.  After a moment, it clicked.  "It's 
called a figure of speech."
    "It's called sarcasm."
    "Yep," Jane snarked to the other two, "she's fine."  After a 
small pause: "...Does she...?"
    "Yes, she does.  And she *is* right here, you know."
    "So you really *are* like the Mowery sisters!"
    Daria turned to Lynn.  "Do you want to say it, or should I?"
    "Allow me."  She favored them with the imitation of Daria that 
Erudite Emerald had seen once, long ago, when they were discussing the 
possibility of Jane attending Brittany's house-party in Daria's place.  
"`Go to hell, Lane.'"
    A.P. chuckled.
    Daria and Lynn smirked.  "Couldn't have said it better myself."
They realized they'd spoken in unison and looked at each other in that 
dubious, _what the hell?_ sort of way.
    "Oops," Daria observed.
    "We did it again," added Lynn.
    "Quote Britney Spears again and I'll have to kill you," Jane 
observed.
    A.P. was watching this exchange, grinning like the loon he was.  
"So, the Jackboot's dead, she didn't kill anyone, everyone's talking...
No more crisis!"
    There was something slightly evasive about Lynn's "Yeah."
    Daria looked at Lynn dubiously, remembering some of Jerome's 
comments -- then, after an inner debate, decided to keep her thoughts 
to herself for as long as possible.  Then the bell rang and they headed 
off in separate directions, the moment lost.

ADAPTOR'S NOTES
    Confession time: I don't have any more *certainty* about the 
nature of Jerome's revelation, or the identity of Lynn's interlocutor,
than you do.  I have some educated guesses, based on what's in the actual 
stories and on hints dropped by Jan in our correspondence, but they're 
just guesses, and yours are as good as mine.
    The Gere/gerbil story is either an urban legend or the subject 
of a damn good cover-up.  In fact, "The Colo-Rectal Mouse" rates its 
own listing in the works of Jan Harold Brunvand (the leading academic 
authority on ULs).  Which is not to say that some pretty amazing things 
*haven't* had to be extracted from people's large intestines, but no 
confirmed reports of actual rodents were known to this office as of 
Armstrong Day, 31/2 AT (July 20, 2000, by the Vatican's calendar).
    Obligatory legal blap: Daria Morgendorffer was created (as were 
the rest of the Lawndale characters) by Glenn Eichler and Susie Lewis 
Lynn, and she and her neighbors are copyright 1993, 1997, 2000 MTV 
Networks, a Viacom company.  (As Michelle Klein-Haess has pointed out, 
work-for-hire sucks the yolks from ostrich eggs.)  Monty Python quotes 
and characters are copyright 1970, 2000 Python (Monty) Pictures Ltd.  
They are here used, without the permission of their creators or owners, 
in the not-for-profit context of fan-fiction.  The characters of Lynn 
Cullen and A.P. McIntyre are copyright 1999, 2000 Janet "Canadibrit" 
Neilson, as is this storyline, which was adapted by Austin Loomis (to 
whom the prose format version is copyright 2000) with permission.
    All other characters, locations and incidents (of which I don't 
think there are any, actually) are either imaginary or used fictitiously. 
Any coincidence of names is regretted, and any resemblance to persons 
living, dead, undead, or wandering the night in ghostly torment is either 
purely satirical or not my fault.
    As a "substantially transformative" derivative work, this story 
is protected by the Supreme Court's decision in re Campbell v. Acuff 
Rose Music.  It may be freely redistributed as long as this copyright 
notice is maintained intact, but may not be in any way redistributed 
for profit without the permission of the legal owners of all concepts 
involved.  The present author hereby gives permission for any and all 
keepers of Daria fanfic pages to archive this work (as if I could stop 
them).  Any publication of this story for profit without the express 
written permission of Austin Loomis, Janet Neilson and MTV Networks (like 
any of that'll happen, especially the last) is strictly prohibited, and 
violators, if I ever decide to track them down, will be strung up by 
the thumbs, beaten about the head and shoulders with a free-range carrot, 
and then handed over to corporate lawyers who will do terrible things 
to them.  On purpose.

Austin, and good day.
Al D T0 W- Q Fw^Fr
O+ Ow+OH+Of m c- MV+
F:111,208,313 BB+ FCT -DT+ q fJ^fj^fD
