Train Chasing

Jane, Daria, and all other characters in Lawndale, as well as the city it's
self are copyright 1997, 1998, 1999 MTV Networks. You get the picture. Again
and again. This story takes place at the end of Jane and Daria's junior year
(I'm assuming "Jane's Addition" took place around spring break, mid april.
This takes place early June. Background info: Trent left a few days after he
kissed Daria, and all they know is that he's in Seattle somewhere. You'll see.
All music is gonna be from THe Offspring's Americana CD. Sorry to you
prejeducial freaks out there. I can't think of a better CD for this.)


Jane woke up on a sickeningly sweet June morning, the last day of school. She
rolled her eyes and climbed out of bed. Pan to the floor as she slips off blue
spoted slippers, plaid pants, and a long, pink, pokemon nightshirt(1). Quick
blur-pan to shoulders as she pulls on a black tank-top, red button-up tee
shirt, and black shorts. She ditched her normal combat boots for black work
boots.

Jane: Another sickening lawndale high morning. Well, today school's out.

She walked downstairs and grabbed a frappucino out of the fridge.

Jane: Thank god mom brought a case of these home with her. Too bad she only
stayed 6 hours.

There was a knock on the door. No one had to tell Jane who THAT was.

Jane: Hey, Daria.

Daria: (Sounding a little worried) Did Trent come home?

Jane: Daria, relax. I told you I'd call you first thing if he did.

Jane didn't say anything, but she had a plan. The two almost-sisters went to
endure another sweaty day at school.

Ms. Li (PA): Goooooooood Mooooooooorning, Laaaaaaaaaaaaaawndaaaaaaaale!

That got everyone's attention, and fast.

Li: I wish you aaaaaaaall a good morning, on this, the last day of school.

Mr. O'Neil's class rolled their eyes and tuned out the announcement. Jane was
drawing Ms. Li as a go-go dancer in a cage. Daria added all the male members
of the staff as onlookers. Jane added guns in their hands. The bell rang,
signalling the end of homeroom, and the begining of first period. The day
droned on.

In the cafeteria, the lunch was an almost good one, made up of messed up
looking pizza. Daria and Jane each grabbed a slice and took it outside, to eat
on the commons(2). The sun was still glaring down at them, and displaying it's
displeasure.

Daria:Ugh. The last day of school at last. (anxciously) What are we gonna do
this summer?

Jane: (smirks) Well, I was thinking of a road trip.

Daria: (begining to understand) Where?

Jane: How about Seattle?

Daria: Oh, yes! Yesyesyes! Oh, thank you, Jane!

The other stundents are startled at this outburst. Daria lays flat on the low
hill and stares at the sparse, unique clouds.

Daria: There's Trent in a swimming pool.... And there he is with his
guitar.... And there again with....

Scene fades out w. helicopter effect. Commercial break.


A few days later, Jane and Daria are standing outside Jane's house. Trent's
plymouth is all packed up and ready.

Jane: How much cash do you have, Daria?

Daria: Well, I know you're probably not gonna like this, but I broke into my
Montana Cabin fund.

Jane: What!? You've been putting cash into that thing for years. Well, that's
emergency cash, now. We don't spend it unless we absolutely have to. Got it?

Daria: Okay. Lets go.

The two walk around Jane's house, making sure the house is secure.

Jane: Daria, how long does it take to get from here to Olympia by train?

Daria: Um, a few days.

Jane: Well, more time to paint, I guess.

Daria: You're gonna come up with some interesting textures.

Jane: Huh?

Daria: It's a TRAIN, Jane. It bumps.

Jane: This is gonna be so cool. Maybe I can do some twister Sumi-E.

Daria rolls her eyes and gets in the car. The two go on towards Stanford(1).
At the station, they pay for the tickets, and lug their luggage into the
compartment. To their surprise, Jodie and Mack are there, too.

Jodie: What are you guys doing here?

Jane: We're gonna go find my brother.

Mack: Any idea where he is?

Daria: Um, somewhere between Seattle and LA?

Jodie: Okaaaay. Well, good luck.

Jane sets up a sketch pad by the window and grabs some charcoal. Daria picks
up a book and begins to read. Jodie grabs her magazine. Mack puts his
headphones on.

At the first train transfer, Jane almost got left behind, do to having to
outrun some jerk with a short fuse...

Jane was sitting on the bench, sketching people as they walked by. A little
kid walked up and tugged at her arm.

Jane: Yeah, kid?

Kid: Daddy!!!! Stranger talking to me!

The kids dad walks up and picks a fight. Pretty soon...

Musical montage to Offspring's "Feelings." Jane being chased through the
terminal by that goon. Jane sees a security guard and decides to play the cop
a little.

Jane: Officer! This man is trying to hurt me! (She falls in a heap and starts
to cry.)

Officer: Is this true?

Man: Yes.... But she tried to kidnap my son.

Officer: Miss, did you try and kidnap his son?

Jane: No, his son tugged on my arm and started yelling at me.

Officer: Sir, I'm afraid you'll have to come with me. Miss, you're free to go.

Jane jogs back. To her dismay, she sees Daria leaning out the door trying to
reach her, and the train is moving.

Jane: Nooooooo!

She uses those running skills to get over there and get on the train. She
tells Daria what happened. Daria does not look amused.

The train stops in Texas to fix a broken valve. The passengers get off. Daria
and Jane head into town to find a place to stay for the night. Finding none,
Daria lists the other option.

Daria: Well, I know these 2 guys here that are dumb enough to let us stay
there, so lets go.

They walk up to the house of Beavis and Butt Head.

Daria: Hey, Beavis! Butt Head! You guys there?

Some stumbling and laughing is heard, and Beavis opens the door.

Beavis: Whoa, checkitout! Diarhea, cha cha cha! Diarhea, cha cha cha!

Daria: Cut it out. Can we stay here for the night?

Beavis: Sure! Whoa, cool! This rocks.

Daria rolls her eyes, and Jane laughes. They walk in. The night passed
uneventfully, aside from Daria having to smack Beavis to get him to shut up.
The next day, they went to the station, and got back on the train. The rest of
the train ride was uneventfull.

Comercial break.


The train stopped in Olympia, and they were forced to take the bus to Seattle.
They got there and found a hotel room to stay in for the night. The next day
was gonna be a long one.

They woke up and got ready to search the city. The first place they looked was
a lead. They went in.

Daria: Excuse me, sir. Can I see the records of the bands who have played here
recently?

Guy: Why?

Jane: Were looking for Trent Lane and his band, Mystik Spiral or Helpfull
Corn.

Guy: Yeah, they was here. Only played twice, about a week ago. They went to
LA. Pretty good band.

Jane: Thank you so very much.

They got outside and Daria groned.

Daria: Lets get a train to LA. It'll be a 24 hour trip.

They went. On the trip down, the train derailed next to a river. The two were
flung from it and into a river. Musical montage to The Offspring's "Falling."
We see many shots of Daria and Jane trying to surface in the rapids of the
Columbia River! Finally, someone pulls them out and takes them to a hospital.
They escaped with scrapes, bumps, and bruises, and mild hypothermia.
Otherwise, no worse for the wear. Their luggage was slavaged, and they got
another train.

In LA, their stay was brief, because they found out that Trent and his band
were headed for Canada!

Jane: Maybe they wanna meet the Barenaked Ladies. They're gonna meet my
barenaked fist if I have anything to do about it.

They found them in Quebec. Trent was trying to tell this guy to help him, but
the guy only spoke French.

Daria: Escuse moi, Monsouir.

She pulled out a French phrase book, and pointed to a phrase. The guy nodded
and pulled Trent's tire out of the mud.

Jane: Why the hell did you leave?

Trent blushed and pointed at Daria.

Daria: Okay, what did I do?

Trent: It's just that... That... That I wanted to date you. I thoght you hated
me, so I left.

Daria screams and jumps on Trent, kissing his face over and over again.

Daria: I reserve the right to place a combat boot up your butt if you EVER do
something this stupid again. We wasted thousands of dollars chasing you around
the continent. Not to mention half our summer break.

Trent: Sorry about that.

The group walked off into the sunset.
