Trent's Misery 
written by Julia Wright, ssworldfan@aol.com 
Scene 1: Lawndale High School 
Daria: Jane, I really don't want to go on that field trip.  We've got to find a way to get out
of it. 
Jane:  Yeah, I know.  The symphony?  politics?  Washington DC?  ugh. 
Daria: It is just a feeble attempt by our teachers to bring culture into our dreary lives. 
Jane: Maybe Trent can get us out of this. 
Daria: Trent? 
Jane: Yeah, Trent.  My brother?  The big doof that never sees the light of day?  Doesn't
know what stairs are because he never leaves the basement?  You should know who he
is.  Every time you see him you turn all red and..... 
Daria: I know who Trent is.  Do you really think he can get us out of this? 
Jane: He took us to deface our painting, didn't he? 
Daria: I suppose you're right. 
Jane: I'll ask him tonight. 

Scene 2: The Lane household 
Jane: Trent, do you think you could somehow get us out of a week-long field trip to
Washington DC? 
Trent: Uh, sure.  Jesse and I were planning a trip anyways. 
Jane: Where to? 
Trent: anywhere we want.  we were just going to drive around and stop where ever. 
Jane: Cool.  Can me and Daria come too? 
Trent: Sure, Janey.  I was going to ask you guys anyways. 
Jane: Cool.  How about you Daria?  You coming? 
Daria (who had been staring at Trent): Huh?  Yeah sure. 
Trent: Maybe we could make our trip longer.  Don't you have spring break after this field
trip? 
Jane: Yeah.  Cool. 
Jane seems thrilled at the idea of spending that much time with Jesse without any parents
around. 
Daria is secretly scared of spending that much time with Trent without parents around. 
Trent: (thinking) Now is my chance! 

Scene 3: The Morgendorffer Kitchen 
Daria: Mom, there's a trip to Washington for my class.  It will take this week and spring
break. 
Mrs. Morgendorffer: Sure honey. 
Daria: We leave tomorrow. 
Mrs. M: All right. 
Daria: The teachers are going to expose us to the corruption in politics and the
prostitution rings in Washington. 
Mrs. M: Daria, I really wish you would change your negative attitude. 
Daria: Mom, you always told me to just be myself and not to change myself to fit in. 
Mrs. M: I could kick myself for saying that. 

Scene 4: the next day at the Lane household 
Trent: Is everyone ready to go? 
All: Yeah! 
Trent: Do we have everything that we need? 
Jesse: Yeah. 
Trent: Then, let's go! 
The group piles into the van and decides to try going west, towards California.
Eventually, they decide to stop at a beach, there first destination. 
Trent: I'll drive! 
All: Okay! 
Daria: Why are we yelling? 
All: Cause we're excited! 
Daria: All right. Enough with the sing song voices and the group answers. 
Jane: Okay. 
Jesse: Okay. 
Trent: Sure. 
While Jane and Daria are sleeping in the back, Jesse and Trent are whispering up front. 
Jesse: Man, are you ever going to tell her? 
Trent: Yea, just give it time. 
Jesse: How much time?  It's taken long enough already. 
Trent: By the end of the trip, I promise. 
Jesse: Sure.  Whatever.  Hey, man, you look tired.  You want me to take over? 
Trent: Yeah, sure.  Thanks, Jesse. 
Jesse: No prob, man. 
After everyone has had a nice nap, they reach their first stop. 
Jesse: Hey everyone!  We're here! 
Jane (looking around): And where is here? 
Daria: Jesse, where have you taken us? 
Jesse: We're not here exactly.  Just about five minutes more.  I just thought I would wake
you so you could be up before we had to unload. 
Jane: Oh, thanks Jesse. 
Daria: Yeah.  Thanks. 
Jane: I guess I should wake Trent up.  Trent.  Trent!  TRENT! 
Jane shoves Trent which brings a groan from the sleeper.  He slightly opens one eye. 
When he sees Daria looking at him, he sits up and gets control of himself. 
Trent: (thinking) Geez, how stupid can I look? 
Jesse: Now, we are here! 
Our heroes have arrived at a small hotel in which they are to stay.  It is right on the beach
and a very nice place.  It has a view over the ocean, where the group can see the boat
dock. 
Daria: (thinking) Wow.  That looks fun.  I've never been in a boat before. 
Jane (seeing the twinkle in Daria's eyes as she looks at the boats) to Trent: Jesse and I
will unload the van.  How 'bout you and Daria go for a little boat ride? 
Trent (looking over at Daria): Uh, sure. 

Scene 5: The boat dock 
Daria and Trent have just rented a boat and have gotten settled in, when Daria's bracelet
slips off here wrist.  As she bends down to get it, Trent stops her. 
Trent: I'll get it. 
Daria: No, that's okay.  I dropped it, I can get it. 
The boat, already wet, was slowly rocking back and forth. 
Trent: Daria, why must you always be so stubborn? 
Daria: Trent, it will only take me a second.  See? 
Daria bent over the boat, but she still couldn't reach.  She carefully stepped onto the
edge of the boat, and bent over it.  She almost had it.  All of a sudden, a wave came up
and hit the boat.  Daria, still leaning over it, was thrown off.  On her way into the water,
her head was hit on the dock.  Trent thought she was all right, but she didn't come up. 
Trent: Daria? Daria.  Daria! 
Trent jumped into the water and pulled an unconscious Daria out of the water and onto
the dock.  She wasn't breathing.  He tapped her face. 
Trent: Daria? Daria?! Dammit, Daria, don't do this!  Someone call 911! 
A minute later the ambulance came.  Daria was taken to the hospital with a scared
Trent.  He stared at her ghostly white face and almost lost it. 
  

Scene 6: The hospital room 
Trent sat on a chair by the bed, unable to think of anything except Daria. 
Trent: Daria, please don't die.  I love you so much. (sniff)  I'm so sorry I never told you. 
Now, I'm afraid  (sniff)  that I won't get the chance.  I love you.  Can you hear me,
Daria? (sniff) I love you. 
Trent put his head in his hands while tears streamed down his face.  Crying was
something that he has never done, but this was the way that Jane and Jesse found him. 
Jane went over to Trent and put her arms around her big brother.  It was something that
she hadn't done in a long time.   Jesse stood there feeling awkward.  A few minutes later,
he left. 
A doctor came in later.  He didn't have very much good news.  Daria had a concussion
and was in a coma.  They didn't know when she would come out or even if she would
come out.  It was all in God's hands now.  He did say, though, that talking to her could
bring her out of it.  Trent vowed then and there to sit by her bed and talk to her until she
came out of it. 

Scene 7: Still at the hospital 
Trent, his voice hoarse: Hi, Daria.  I have been talking to you for three days straight, but
so far nothing has happened.  The doctor said that talking to you could help, but I don't
really believe it.  Oh, well.  It is worth a try.  Anything is worth a try for you, Daria.  I
love you. 
He puts his head in his hands again. 
Trent: How many times must I say it before you hear it. 
Daria: I heard you that time, Trent. 
Trent: Daria!  You're awake! 
Daria: No, Trent.  I am just a figment of your imagination. 
Trent: Don't say that.  You don't know how scared I was.  Do you know what it is like
to sit back and think that someone you love might die and there is nothing you can do
about it? 
Daria: I must admit that I don't. 
Trent: It is hell.  I thought I had lost you. 
Daria: Trent, I have one question.  Do you really love me? 
Trent: With all my heart. 
He leans over and places a gentle kiss on the tip of her nose.  Jane and Jesse walk in just
in time to see it. 
Jane: I see that Sleeping Beauty has just woken up. 
Jesse: After being kissed by the handsome prince. 
Trent: Watch it, Jesse.  It's kind of weird when your best friend makes a reference about
you, and it includes the word handsome. 
Everyone laughs. 
Jane:  It's nice to see Trent laughing again. 
Trent: Janey....... 
Jane: Daria, you should have seen him. 
Trent: Janey! 
Jane: He moped around the whole past three days. 
Trent: Janey, I'm going to kill you! 
Jane: He was so scared that one time we walked in here he was crying! 
Trent: Dammit, Janey! 
Trent looks over at Daria, who had been staring at him.  She has a smile on her face. 
Daria to Trent: Come here. 
Trent obediently comes.  Daria reaches up and kissed him on the nose. 
Daria (whispering in his ear): I guess you really do love me.  I love you too.  Thanks for
worrying about me. 
Trent: I wanted to take your place so badly.  I kept thinking of this song.  Everything I
Do by Bryan Adams.  It has this one line in it that reminded me of this.  "I'd die for you." 
Trent looked down at Daria to see tears in her eyes. 
Daria: I guess we're even now.  We've both cried over each other. 
And so, our heroes, Daria and Trent, lock themselves in a passionate embrace,
completely oblivious to Jane and Jesse.  (who left the room and into a bathroom to make
a passionate embrace of their own.) 
~*The End*~