Trent Miserables
by medea42

*usual copyright disclaimer: CHANT: Characters are not mine, um-lalalalala***
they are property of MTV -um, lalalalala*** -- all inspiration is attributed
to the script writers at MTV***um, lalalalala******anyone who uses this piece
without my permission will find out really quick if hexes work**um,
lalalalala*****etc.


	Quacking interrupted the course of Trent's dreaming. "wackwackwackwack." He
moved one muscle, slowly, extending his arm in the direction of his phone.
"wackwackwackwack." Whoever was calling meant business, so he opened one eye,
and pushed one leg off his bedpost to lunge for the phone. "'lo?"

	A harsh female voice alerted him. "It's Penny, Trent. Get a bed 
ready - a damn volcano wiped out my craft stand in Costa Rica." The phone 
clicked off, leaving Trent with a sleepy expression and the dial tone.
Uh?

	Oh yeah, Penny! Trent sat up and fumbled through the floor for a pen. 
No paper except for his lyrics notebook, and that better NOT be violated. As 
he scratched the word Penny and a picture of a volcano on his left hand, he 
contemplated explosion. Damn Volcano Explosion...might be a good band name.
Ambidextrous, Trent switched hands and wrote the idea on his right hand, and 
set down the pen, ready to resume sleep. "wackwackwack" jolted him
just as Trent reached the stage between sleep and awake. Man, he hated those 
disturbances.

	"'lo?" maybe Penny needed money or something.

"Trent! Hi son! I just finished up my job -"

	"Where were you? Somebody called to ask yesterday -" Probably
Mom.

	"Oh, in Ireland. I was taking pictures of Celtic rock formations, 
and I'm on my way home, ready to develop." Trent was still holding the pen,
so he scratched the information across his left hand.
Cool, Dad brought some interesting stuff home from his travels. And that
meant someone else could catch up with mortgage checks.

	During Trent's return to dreamland, he smudged the band name 
horribly and no matter what device he tried, his memory could not grasp 
the name he picked. Crud. Maybe food would help. As he wandered over to 
contemplate the empty refrigerator, Janey appeared by his side.
	"What's that red stuff?" He and Jane operated on the rule that if a 
substance was identifiable, they could eat it. Even if consumption involved
scraping material off the walls. Food was food, especially since their parents 
forgot the grocery checks again, and they decided to put mortgage
payments forward first after the last foreclosure-attempt
fiasco.
	"Cherry soda," he guessed. He remembered some strange attempt at 
freezing cola until it exploded. Maybe that was this year.
	"Nah," Jane argued. "Cranberry juice." She could probably determine 
the exact nature by trotting out her color wheel, but this debate never
got that far.

	"Nothing." 

	Cool, Mom was home! "Hi Mom!" Trent couldn't remember the last time
he saw her, and Janey mentioned something about thinking she might be home 
since she found the kiln still on. Hard to tell, since their mom left the 
kiln on all the time. 

	Trent was about to raise the topic of food as a necessity of life, 
but a knock on the door interrupted him. Wind arrived, sweeping in and
distributing uncomfortable hugs and crying over everything. Same old Wind. 
Probably a long damn visit...oh yeah.

	Penny and Dad were coming, someone ought to know. Since they showed 
up thirty seconds after  he mentioned it, he felt his work was done. Back
to bed.

	Sleep, however, became impossible when his dad decided that Trent's 
room was the perfect space for his photographic equipment. Trent might sleep
around it, but since Penny's room was right next door to his, and she stayed 
on the phone, arguing with the Costa Rican finance minister day...and night...
and day...and night. Loudly. For an alto, her voice really carried. By
the second night Trent thought he might choke a sibling with a spare
guitar string.

	After the third night running of squawking and whining, Trent
relocated to the couch since the rest of the family seemed to ignore
the spot with the TV broken. The angst of displacement welled within
him, as he strummed his guitar:

	The walls are closing in
	The ice is getting thin
	My house is not a home
	No place to call my own
	Psychic refugee, psychic refugee

Trent began sinking into the trance-like quality of song creation, and felt 
like he really was building an internal space for himself.

	"SQUAWK!"

	"Yah!" The quiet room Trent began to build within was torn down, and 
a guitar string broken in the wreckage. Penny was too busy on the phone
to apologize for the damage inflicted by her green monster. Trent tried 
to recover, to resume building that space, but almost immediately
he was beset by weeping Wind and his dad in an impromptu marriage counseling 
session.

	Trent himself sucked at relationships, if Monique was any evidence, 
but Wind held a record of grasping desperately for love. The last thing
he needed was to absorb some of the weirdness vibes of his brother and
try to carry that through his life.
	"Trent, do you mind being the flirtatious girl behind the counter?"
His father, however, was full of advice despite one of the lowest-maintenance
marriages on record.
	Oh NO. "I've gotta, uh, go sharpen my guitar pick." Escape now, and 
minimize the trauma.
	Trent thought Jane might head towards food, since the fridge
was filled. He wanted to know if she felt as crazed by this family
convergence as he did, or if he was just being moody.Where was she? 
He carried his guitar to the kitchen, thinking he might wait unitl
she appeared.
	No Jane, but his mom evidently laid claim to the phone. She was
the only person in the house who would not have to wrestle Penny for the
line. She was just hanging up as he approached.

	"Isn't it wonderful?" She was filled to the
brim with Amanda Lane excitement. "Adrian and Courtney are coming for a 
visit!" Summer's two eldest children managed to embrace all of the Lane 
wanderlust harbored from his dad's genetic code.

	"Don't you think Summer should know?" Since she probably didn't. Every
couple weeks she called the house to see if her children stopped for food, and
every other month or so she was right. Good kids, and they really helped Jesse
and him out that time they were stranded in Arizona, but they really needed to
settle a little.

	"She is their mother," his own mother mused. Summer was the kind of
mother who did not believe in the hands-off parenting method his own parents 
espoused; hers just wound up hands-off with two of her kids persistently
running away. He then realized, with his niece and nephew visiting, he was 
out of a tent. Aw hell.
	
	Trent located his mom in her basement and asked about some 
sort of space compensation regarding the family togetherness nightmare
that left him with a broken guitar string and no couch to
call his own. This resulted in that damn butterfly speech
he heard ad nauseum in his childhood. 
	"And what," he muttered as he walked away, "would happen
if I tore off its precious little wings?" Of course him mom could
act content; she still owned her personal space!
	Attempts to call Jesse or Monique were thwarted by Penny's 
trade war and Wind's desperate messages onto Katey's voicemail. 
Trent couldn't hold the phone long enough for Jesse to say,
"Sure man, cool." Trent's car was again out of commission, and
since it blew parts spontaneously, he wasn't about to sleep in it.
Staying at Monique's was out of the question; she wanted him to
move in with her and sleeping over would only encourage the problem.
Nick's kid was staying with him for the month, and Trent couldn't
stand Max -- all the guy did was talk about how much he hated Nick
and what an intense "criminale" he was. Moron kept showing off
for Jane's friend Daria, not that she was phased.
	Daria...Jane! Jane probably went to Daria's. Made sense,
since no one else really knew where they were. Her house was at 
least walking distance, unlike Jesse's and Monique's. Trent
was familiar with the Morgendorffer modus operandi, and perhaps
he could wangle a little blanket space for himself. If Jane
managed, he might.
	Courtney and Adrian were at the front door as he opened it
to leave. He told them that the basement had some really fun stuff 
in it, and smirking to himself, left.

	Daria let him in without saying much, and led him straight
to Jane. What a relief to see a family member who gave a damn
about him. They were all eating dinner, some pasta dish. Janey
was holding on to a carton of milk with a desperate gleam in her eye;
Helen probably attempted bonding. He'd noticed Daria show up at their house
with a similar expression. Jane looked surprised- and relieved- to see
him. "Trent! Why didn't you call?"
	"Couldn't get near the phone." True enough. He paused, to
see if Jane might somehow help his cause, but her silence indicated
the Lane signal was jammed.
	"I just came to tell you that I'll be sleeping in the Tank
for awhile," he informed her.
	"The Tank?" Helen inquired. Good, taking the bait.
	"It used to be a van," Jane explained.
	Trent glanced at Jake's plate, pretending to just notice that
everyone was in the middle of dinner. "Is that spaghetti?" he asked,
adding, "It's my favorite." Jake's vanity and artistic expression
was most strongly reflected in his cooking.
	"Actually, it's fettucine bolloignaise," Jake could talk
endlessly about sauces, according to Jane.
	"Oh yeah, THAT'S my favorite," whatever bolloignaisse was.
The food did smell good.
	Helen's mothering instinct was surfacing. Daria and Quinn
might do their best to suppress it, but he was ready to tug that
internal caretaker out to play. "Trent, would you like to stay
for dinner?"
	Trent pretended to think about it. "Well, it is warm in here.
Bet your doors lock, too."
	"Would you like to stay here tonight?" she offered. Helen
extended the invitation, meaning no disputes, Cool.
	"Thanks," he said. "I'd like that."
	"Eep!" Daria looked a little strange, like she was compressing
from the inside. "What?" Didn't even realize she'd made a noise.
She always looked so tense.

	Trent managed to sneak a phone call somewhere between Helen's
boss and Quinn's date rating. Trent figured Monique would want to
know where he was; they'd broken up most recently over his habit
of not telling him what he did day to day. He was right, she was
demanding a schedule and accounting.
	"I stopped by your house," she told him. "Some weird chick
with a bird answered the door. Asked me if I was seeing anyone, and
for a minute she wasn't sure who you were."
	"That's Penny. She probably thought you were cute."
	"Huh?"
	"Nevermind. My family's visiting and it's way crowded so I'm
staying at Janey's friends' for a few days." Better head off the "stay with
me" argument. "Her friends' parents prefer that I'm around as a legal
guardian for Janey." No they didn't, but it saved his rear.
	"Bummer," said Monique. "You're stuck with high schoolers for
awhile."
	Bummer on one count, considering Quinn. "Yeah," better to
agree than give Monique another reason to "discuss" their relationship.
	"Wanna get together tonight? Harpies aren't rehearsing."
	Trent looked at the clock on the kitchen wall. 7:30. "What
time?"
	"Whenever." About two hours.
	"Cool." Enough time to shower and brush his teeth. Maybe
hang out a little.

	Trent wangled ten minutes in the shower, a luxurious
period after fighting off photos by the toilet paper at his own house.
He was drying himself off  and trying to tame his hair when he realized
he did not have his toothbrush -- normally, he would ignore the 
problem, but since he was seeing Monique, he was beset with a few...
expectations. Trent peeked in the medicine cabinet, and saw the
lone toothbrush sitting on the section labeled "Daria". He considered
using it, but decided that Daria might find that gross. He would
go ask to use Janey's.
	He knew Daria's room was at the end of the hall, but he never
previously needed to stop there, since Helen settled him in the guest
room at the other end of the hallway. The sight was awesome: padded
walls and sawed off bars on the windows; this room would be an
awesome setting for a Mystic Spiral video. Daria looked up at him
like she was caught stealing a body; he must have interrupted her at
something.
"Is Janey here?"
	Daria recovered. "She'll be back in a minute."
	Since he was there, he may as well wait. Janey probably went
to the bathroom or something. Besides, Daria was cool - every conversation
he had with her was so on, in so few words. He often wished she weren't
in high school so he could hang with her more. Her room only revealed
that much more of her worthiness, as he looked around at the decorations.
"Cool room."
	The bed looked too tempting, and he stretched out on it at
the first opportunity. "Comfortable bed."
	He took a look at Daria from his reclined position. Nice body
under that shirt, he thought absently. She'll be a knockout in a year
or two, once she settles into her own look. Her nightshirt was the
first item he'd seen her wearing that was not a green jacket. As he
looked around her room, he realized how little he knew about Daria's
interests. His eyes landed on her nightshirt. "Mark Twain. He
wrote Huckleberry Finn, right?" Something about that book resonated
with him, but his memory could not pin why. So Daria was into
literature. Made sense, wished he knew more about it. Too bad
his love of reading was ruined by that twit O'Neill. "I read
that in high school, I think." Probably. His reading these days was
limited to the books on music theory Jesse never returned to the library
and flyers for parties where Mystic Spiral networked gigs.
	Daria sat on the bed next to him, looking like a librarian on her
night off. Trent wanted to coax a smile from her, make her more 
comfortable with finding her territory under observation. "I used to watch
Huckleberry Hound when I was a kid. Now that I think about it, they're
not that much alike."
	"I think that Huckleberry Hound was much more of a joiner," she said.
	"Yeah," Trent agreed. "Loser."
	They both laughed, and Trent saw her nervousness deflate. Now
here was a girl he could talk to. He wished he could achieve comfortable
ground with Monique so easily.
	His mind mused back to the cartoon. "I could never figure out
why quick draw Mcgraw hung out with that freaky little mule." Jane
appeared in the doorway before Daria could offer her opinion.
	"Oh! Did I interrupt something?" Better catch her before she
disappeared. He'd already spent 12 hours looking for her today.
	"I came to borrow your toothbrush," he told her.
	Janey grabbed her toothbrush off Daria's desk and handed
it to him. "Here," she told him. "It's a gift."
	As he left, he heard Jane say something to Daria about "Kismet"
and figured she was talking to Daria about current events. Daria
was probably into that type of talk.
	
	Trent was pulling on his shirt when he heard Jake yelling
that his date arrived. Monique told him later he initially thought
that she was Quinn's date, and thought about playing along for
a minute, but she got the impression the poor guy might really
have a heart attack.
	Monique looked every inch the goth, and Trent suppressed a 
smile at Helen's disapproving expression. On some level, he felt
gratified that Helen was so concerned that he went around town
with a pierced and needled woman.
	"Where are you going?" Helen demanded as he smiled a greeting
at Monique.
	The point was not to know. "Out," he said.
	"When are you coming back?" 
Since when did people worry about that?	"Later."
	Trent saw the beginnings of an anti-authority rant on Monique's
face and shut the door quickly. He could distract her soon enough.
Monique did not have the capacity to take on Helen Morgendorffer.

	Monique, however, evaluated her capacity otherwise and
made for a very bad night. She behaved like the Harpies her 
band was named for, and at one point in the evening, Trent
thought about ducking to fend off her hen-pecking.
	"What a controlling bitch!" she ranted, still on the Helen
track. "Like it's any of her business what you do. She's not
your mother!"
	Although Trent's only experience with motherly concern
came from her. "I'm a guest at her house," Trent tried to reason.
"She probably just wanted to know when I'd be back so she could
lock the doors."
	For some reason, this further enraged Monique. "No she wasn't.
I heard the tone in her voice -- you're not a child, for crying
out loud!"
	"Hey!" Trent surprised himself by his own anger. "At least
I know Helen Morgendorffer gives a damn about me! Except for Janey,
the Morgendorffers are more my family than my own family, so don't
EVER let me hear you talking about ANY of them like that!" Not even
Quinn, strangely enough.
	This earned Trent a moment of ominous silence. Four hours
later, Trent was out of a girlfriend, out of gas money since he'd
needed a cab and out of steam. As he curled up on the Morgendorffer's 
couch, he wished desperately he could find a girlfriend he could talk 
to as easily as he could to Daria.

	He wasn't sure, but Trent suspected Jake propped him at the
kitchen table for breakfast that morning. Daria came in and sat
next to him, already dressed for school. She didn't say anything,
and at that point, that was exactly what he needed to hear from her.
Somewhere between toast and cereal, Helen appeared with an aggravated
Jane, caroling about their "power walk" and Jane mumbled something
to Jake about breaking a deal.
	As he stared into his cereal bowl, Helen zeroed in on Trent.
"What time did you get in last night?"
	"Uh..." his guess was as good as hers. "Midnight."
	"I don't think so, young man." Young man? "Jake, was there
something you wanted to talk to Trent about?" Uh oh. He heard 
about this maneuver from Jesse -- and from the look on Jake's face, 
he was in trouble. 
	Jake tried to save him by playing dumb. "What do you think
if I make a gumbo tonight? I've been itching to break out the old
wok -"
	"Young man, you're going to have to reconsider the hours
you keep if and when you join the rest of us in conventional society!"
Wow. Helen just Mommed him. And he felt really bad.
	"Yes'm," and it felt good to have someone care enough to lay
a guilt trip on him. "I meant to get in earlier, but Monique and
I spent four hours breaking up." You'd think they would develop
a code, or pink slips, as often as it happened.
	Jane looked exasperated. "You break up every other week,
because it's not meant to happen. Right, Daria?"
	Daria looked like she did not want to jump on Jane's
bandwagon. Trent was grateful for that -- the last thing he
needed was a double-teamed Jane lecture.
	Quinn said something about the hour she'd gotten in, and
for a moment the attention shifted. She was tired and demanding of
attention, but not dumb, and shifted the attention right back to
him when she realized her error. "Just tell them if they let it
slide this one time, you'll never do it again." Yup. Quinn might
hide it better than Daria, but she was definitely a lawyer's kid, too.
	Trent decided he WANTED to be punished. "I'm sorry I broke the
rules," he said. And he was. "At our house, we don't have any rules.
Right Janey?"
	"There is that rule about not building a fire in rooms that
don't have fireplaces, " she mused. Oh yeah. Penny and Summer
broke the TV set in the living room that way. Something about
survival practice.
	"Once I moved into a tent in the backyard for six months,
waiting for someone to invite me back in, and nobody did." In fact,
this was the first time he ever remembered an invitation into
a family fold on any level.
	Helen looked ready to blast him with a super-Momming, but to
Trent's regret, she was interrupted by a knock on the door. Turned
out to be his mother, and by the next day all his siblings were gone.
That evening Trent clung to his grounding like a precious gift, even
shutting himself in the guest room and reading a book of Kafka's
stories that he borrowed from Daria. He had to admit, except for
the Monique situation, he'd enjoyed himself.

	"Thanks for everything," he told Daria on his way out the door.
Were it not for the grace of her friendship with Jane, he really would
have needed to sleep in the Tank.
	"No problem." She paused, and Trent sensed some delicate territory
approaching. "Sorry your date didn't work out."
	Oh, that. Happened all the time. Still, it was the first totally
personal thing he'd ever heard Daria bring up. "That's OK. Janey's right,"
he told her. Jane probably discussed his Monique-go-round with Daria
after she came by. Too bad his dating options were limited as long
as he lived in Lawndale. Too bad the only girl he could talk to stood
before him, cute and underage. "Too bad you're not older. I could
take you out," and he forced a laugh that ended in a cough. Laugh
or cry, since his situation sucked. The Mistress of Irony meant
that the most compatible girl available was still in high school, and
he already saw how she was developing into someone totally out of his
league. If he ever dated Daria, between her and her parents, he would
never be the same person.

	Trent joined Janey at the end of the walkway where she waited.
	"You shouldn't have said that," she told him. Leave it to Jane
to notice everything. Artist's observation, probably.
	"What? About Daria if she were older?" He meant it as a compliment-
she really was someone he would want to date if she were his age. Might
boost her self-confidence a little. 
	Jane glared up at him. "When she saw you with Monique, Quinn
and I both thought she was going to cry."
	Huh. Trent thought for a moment. "I don't think she'll be
seeing me with Monique again."


Author's Notes:
I hate to leave notes, but I'm finding it's alas, necessary in a fan
fiction venue, since many readers are unsure whether to judge 
a work on its merits alone or to demand canonic interpretations
as a replacement or enrichment to television. The purpose
of my growing Trent vignette series is to give his character
more of an inner-life, with Daria as a peripheral character to
the many other things that happen with Trent offscreen. I find
him actually one of the most interesting and complex characters
on the show, but vastly underrated as nothing more than a 
love interest or disinterest for Daria, or stereotyped as a slacker.
By exploring his thinking about his own lifestyle, about his 
sister and his role as parent/sibling and about his growing and
changing relationship with Daria I may gradually shift off-canon
in later script style fanfics, but for now, these are in-part
an exercise in getting to know Trent Lane. I think there is
much more to him than weird lyrics and a pretty cartoon face,
but that means a little digging into his head.
