Trent's Dream 
by Mitch 

NOTE: This story takes place some time before "This Year's Model" 

Trent was spending the afternoon doing what he did best: sleeping. Janey had gone to
school and had to stay there late. It involved a little argument she had with her art teacher... 

Then, there was a knock at the door. Something amazing happened after that: Trent got
up! He walked to the door and opened it, half-expecting it to be Janey. It wasn't. It was that
girl who became Jane's first friend weeks ago. Trent had met her once. What was her
name...? 

"Hey, uh, 'Daria', isn't it?" "Hey Trent." "Uh, Janey's not home yet. Sorry." "That's okay. I
didn't come here to see Jane. I came here to see you." "Hu--uh, okay." Trent let her in,
wondering why someone who barely knew him wanted to see him. "Want a...drink or
something?" "I'll take a Coke if you have one." Trent found a Coke in the 'fridge and went to
the couch Daria was sitting on. "So, what did you want to say?" "Trent, I know we only really
met once and all, but I've been thinking of you, well,... some, and, well, I want to get to know
you better." Trent was a bit suprised. He had been thinking of her some, but she didn't
strike him as someone who like, well, -anyone-, including hims. Still, he was intreged about
a girl who was so different than all other girls in Lawndale. Of course, she once said that
she wasn't originally -from- Lawndale. That didn't matter, though. What mattered was that
he -was- drawn to her somehow. It was probably her eyes, or that she didn't wear make-up,
or that she was smarter than most women he knew, or mabye it was just her hair. Whatever
it was, he answered her earlier statement with, "Daria, I..want to know you too." They both
smiled and leaned closer too each other... 

*** 

"HEY, TRENT!" Janey's voice bellowed. Trent slowly realized that he was still on the couch
and got himself up, dissapointed that what just happened was a dream. "Janey, could you
yell elsewhere?" "Sorry, Trent. I just felt like waking you." Trent grumbled as he got sleepies
out from his eyes. "Trent, are you okay? I havn't seen you this low since our last family
reunion." "It's just...a dream I just had." "A pretty bad one, huh?" "No. A good one." "Oh.
That's why you're so low. Sorry I woke you, then. What was it about?" Trent wondered for a
second. Could he tell his favorite sister that he had a crush on her only friend? She
probably wouldn't stop bugging him about it and he wasn't that good at lying..."Janey, you
know that friend of your's, Daria...?" 

Trent put his face in his hands after telling Janey his dream. "Now I feel guilty. I mean,
what's our age difference? Five years? Besides, she's your first friend, Janey. Besides,
she probably wouldn't like me..." "Trent, I 've never seen you like this. Your usually looking
up fashion models..." "That's just because I'm a musician. This is different. This is...the real
thing...I guess." "You never felt the real thing before." "I know, but I feel different now, so it
must be the real thing." Janey was suprisingly quiet for a minute. Then she said something,
"Trent, I don't care how long it takes, I don't know how well it will work, but -I- am going to
make sure that, someday, you will be going out with Daria." "You...you'd do that for me?"
"Yeah, why not? You shouldn't suffer like this and I think, under that exterior, Daria may have
a soft spot, and, if your lucky, probably for you." "How would you know that?" "Well, I
already know that she isn't into football types." "I thought it was because they were taken."
"Nah. It's just that they don't fit her interests." "So, your saying there might be a chance? I
won't say you should expect anything soon, but their might be a chance." Trent smiled.
"Thanks, Janey." "No problem, Trent." Trent felt great thinking that his dream might come
true... 

THE END 