TWO HALVES OF A BROCK
by Mitch
wells17@gte.net

AUTHOR'S NOTE: I just want to apologize in advance for what
I'm about to do to two "DARIA" characters in this story.  If
you don't like what I "reveal" about them, I won't refer to it
again.  If you don't mind it, tell me.  Thank you.

DARIA is owned by MTV Networks.  Created by Glen Eichler.
Used without permission.

POKEMON is owned by Nintendo/Creatures, Inc./Game Freak Inc.
Used without permission.

(Daria and Jane are walking home from school)
Daria: No, Kevin wouldn't handle the big leagues.  He'd
probably forget to wear his cup.
Jane: Oooh.  Painful one, girl.  Sometimes I think I'm a
bad influence on you.
Daria: You are.  What time is it?
Jane: Oh, it's about...(shows Daria her watch)
Daria: (curses before saying) Sorry Jane, I have to get home
now.I need to feed my Pokemon.

(Daria's room.  She's giving synthetic food to a Metapod, a
cocoon covered Pokemon)
Daria: I have to warn you, I'm still new at this.
Metapod: Metapod.
Daria: You like it?
Metapod: Metapod!
Daria: Ok, then.
(her phone rings.  Daria answers it.)
Daria: Hello.
Trent: (over phone) Hey, Daria.  I need to ask you a favor.
Daria: Uh, sure.  What is it?
Trent: I'd like you to accompany me to Lawndale High's gym.
Daria: Strange request.  May I ask why?
Trent: Well, my half-brother Brock is coming over and he said
to meet him in the gym.  I don't know why.  I don't know him
that well.  I just wanted some familiar company...
Daria: Well..., okay.

(Lawndale High's gym.  The lights are out.  Daria and
Trent enter.)
Daria: Well, where is he?
Trent: Can't tell.  Wait, someone's entering from the other
side.  Wait, that's not Brock.  It's a girl.
Daria: (trying to see through the darkness) It's Sandi.
Sandi: Like, aren't you Quinn's cousin and the guy with that
weird girl.
Trent: (to Daria) You know her?
Daria: She's a "friend" of my sister.  She's a little lost on
our reality. (to Sandi) What are you doing her?
ŠSandi: Well, like, I came to find my, like, half-brother.  So,
like, what are -you- doing here?
Brock: (in darkness) I'll tell you why. (snaps fingers,
light appears over him) I asked you both here.
Sandi: Wait a minute, you're Brock...
Trent: ...and you asked us both here...
Daria: (shocked) ...and that means...
All but Brock: Oh my God...!
Daria: (feeling uncomfortable) Uh, I'll go get some air.

(outside the gym.  Daria's alone until Brock joins her)
Brock: So..., Trent's girlfriend, I bet?
Daria: (blushes some) Uh, no.  We're just good friends.
Brock: (reminded of Ash and Misty, except in reverse) Whatever.
I just let my siblings together so they can work things out.
They don't seem to like each other.
Daria: Sandi isn't Trent's type and visa-versa.  I still don't
see how you're related to them.
Brock: Well, at some point, Trent's dad met Sandi's mom, and
I showed up.  Then, when Sandi's mom left to start her family
and her business, I was cared by Trent's dad and my new
foster mother.  When Dad left to be a Pokemon trainer, I had to
help Mom care for my 12 siblings she and Dad had.  Then, she
died...
Daria: I'm sorry.
Brock: Thanks.  Well, I had to take mom's place while working as
the Pokemon gym leader at the Pewter City Gym.  Dad came back
recently and he's been caring for my brothers and sisters.
Lately, I've been hanging with two other trainers while trying
to become a Pokemon breeder.
Daria: Tell Sandi that last part.
Brock: (a little confused) Well, okay.
(Trent and Sandi appear)
Sandi: Well, we, like, worked it out.
Trent: We agreed never to mention this and never talk in public.
Daria: So everything's normal then.  Hey Brock, tell Sandi what
you do for a living.
Brock: I'm a Pokemon breeder.
Sandi: Pokemon breed?!  EEEEEWWW!

(Daria's room.  She enters)
Daria: Well, I'm back Metapod.  How are y...
(suddenly Metapod evolves into Butterfree, a butterfly Pokemon)
Daria: Well, hi Butterfree.  There's someone I want you to meet.
(Quinn's room.  Quinn is already there.  Daria and
Butterfree enter)
Quinn:  Daria!  What are -you- doing here?
Daria: I just wanted you to meet my new Pokemon.
Quinn: Didn't you already -have- one, that creepy shell-thing
that doesn't move?
Daria: It evolved.  Meet Butterfree.
(Butterfree flies above Quinn.  The dust from his wings puts
her to sleep)
Daria: Butterfree, I think we are going to get along well.
THE END