Where are they now? 10 years in the future. 
by Naomi

Daria Morgendorffer-Lane is now 26 years old. She is married to Trent 
and pregnant with their first child. She moved away from lawndale. 
Currently resides in a town called Stinebrick. At 18 she went to college 
for a week and was then asked to be a writer for a paper called 
"Disturbing, Demented Universe". 

Trent Lane is now 31. His band "Mystic Spiral" went big when he was 24. 
He made his first million at age 25. The number one hit song was "My kid 
sister's best friend". He asked Daria, his girlfriend of 4 years to 
marry him when he turned 26. Mystic Spiral broke up to go their 
different ways but they still get together occasionally to play brew 
pubs. 

Jane Lane is now 26 and engaged to Jesse Moreno. When she was 18 she 
moved to New York to be a painter. Most famous paintings include: Track 
Spikes on Gym Teachers Spine, Pink Taffeta,Confused Cheerleader, and 
Convoluted Logic. She moved to Stinebrick at age 24 and lives next
door to her Sister in law and Brother. 

Jesse Moreno is 31 and engaged to Jane Lane. After Mystic Spiral broke 
up he traveled around the world. When he returned he asked Jane to marry 
him. She declined and said that she had to focus on her art. He then 
traveled around the world again and upon returing went to Jane's art 
studio, got downon one knee and said "I've traveled around the world 
twice in search of a girl, but none were as perfect as you, Will you 
marry me". She accepted. To which he reportedly said "Cool" and fell
asleep. 

Quinn Morgendorffer-White is now 24. She went to beauty school when she 
was 18. She works at a hair and nails salon. When she was 19 Jeffy 
proposed to her. She accepted but then got confused and ended up 
marrying Jamie. She told Joey and Jeffy that just because she was 
married didn't mean that they had to stop paying attention to her and 
buying her things. Jeffy told her to go to Hell. Joey still waits for 
her to divorce Jamie. Quinn has 5 kids, 3 of which are like Daria and 
manipulate her
often. 

Upchuck is 26. After Daria, Jane, Quinn, Brittany, Andrea, Sandi and 
Stacy refused his marriage proposals he married Tiffany. They are one of 
those couples that star in porn movies. 

Stacy married Brad Strand. She forgave him for never calling her for a 
second date. 

Sandi married Jeffy. Sandi resents Quinn because she wanted Jamie for 
herself. Jeffy is still mad about Quinn forgetting to marry him. They 
have started an internet hate site directed at Quinn. They don't have 
any children because Sandi didn't want to get fat. 

Brittany and Kevin got married, then got divorced, then got married, 
then got divorced. Then when Kevin took over his dads contracting 
business. They got married again. They have 3 or 4 kids, they aren't 
sure. 

Mack and Jodie were married. Mack plays pro-football. Jodie is head of a 
consulting firm geared toward minority start-ups. They have adopted 2 
kids and they have one of their own. 

Jake and Helen are still married, they still live in the same house too. 
Helen is now fifty si.....Um 48.  Jake quit his job as a consultant and 
now is a gourmet chef. Helen quit being a lawyer and is now a marriage 
counselor who focuses on helping women take more control in the marriage 
and  getting the spice back into marriages. 

Angela Li was indicted as principal after the whole school colapsed due 
to the fact that she embezzled the money that was budgeted for building 
repairs. 

Ms. Barch and Mr. O'neil are married. They have one daughter named 
Daria. 