With a Twin, Happily
By Lydia Irene

(This is just a peice o' junk that I had rolling 'round im my head one day. All characters sans
Fiona are owned by MTV. I do not own them. I own nothing. Don't sue me. You wont get anything.)

     Daria's family was sitting around the table eating pizza when Helen got a call from one of 
her college friends. "Hellloooo!" Helen greeted in her typical tone. "Why, John, I ha... What! 
Oh, Dear! That's so sad! Is there anything I can... Huh? Well, um, sure! I guess." She got off 
the phone and addressed her family. "Well, that was John, one of my friends from college. His 
wife Alice died, leaving him with her cousin's kid to take care of. GOD knows why he has his 
wife's cousin's kid! Anywho, Alice's cousin's daughter, Fiona, will be staying with us. She's 
14." 

    "Mo-o-om!" Whined Quinn. "You CAN'T take on another kid! She's to close to my age! She might
affect my position in the fashion club!" At this, Helen scowled. "Quinn! How DARE You treat 
someone ELSE'S misfortune as YOUR burden! The kid's mother's cousin DIED, and YOUR blubbering 
about your precious FASHION CLUB!? That is the LAST STRAW!!! Go to your room, brat, while I think
up your punishment!" She yelled. At this, Quinn pouted and left, Jake looked stunned yet 
oblivious, and Daria was unreadable. 

    "When is this kid gonna get here?" Asked Daria. "Well, John had already bought a plane ticket 
to Oakwood, because she would have stayed there, so she'll get to Oakwood tomorrow afternoon, and
we'll pick her up at the airport. Oh my gosh, we need to air out the guest room!" Burbled Helen, 
trying to make sense of it all. Daria just walked away, smiling. The next day, Daria and Helen 
fixed up the guestroom. They knew that this kid wanted navy blue and black things and already had
clothes, so they just fixed up and painted all the furniture in there, and bought new bed covers,
lampshades, curtains, etc. 

    When they picked up Fiona, they saw a beautiful girl that could have passed for 24 standing 
there, wearing the outfit that Daria wrote herself in, in the episode "Write Where it Hurts." The
differences were that her hair was more red, her skirt was black leather, and her boots were the 
authentic military-style doc martens boots, the kind the go about 5 ½ inches above your ankle 
bone. The blue sweater she wore was replaced by a modest blue tank top. "Oh NOOO!!!" Said Quinn. 
"She's beautiful!!!" 

    The girl approached the car and said in a deep, but un-Sandi-ish voice "Hey. Are you the 
Morgendorffers?" To which she received a yes. She got in and they drove back to Lawndale. When 
she saw her room, she smirked. Daria had stayed behind to add some finishing touches. There was a
skeleton in the closet, and some cool posters on the wall. Daria had thoughtfully contributed 
some outfits upon seeing a picture of the girl. She and Daria talked all the way to LHS. 

    Fiona had been officially adopted by the Morgendorffers (overnight, too!) and had taken entry
tests for LHS. Despite her age of 14, they were putting her in with Daria, Jane, and the other 
seniors. Today she was wearing the same skirt and boots, but with a black tank top and a blue 
sheer jacket over it. Daria was wearing her usual boots and skirt, but with a black tank to and 
a green sheer jacket. Jane was wearing her usual shorts and boots, but with a black tank top and 
a red sheer jacket (Do you sense a running theme?). That day was interesting. Mr. O'Neil cried 
until they reminded him that the colors were different. 

    When they got back to Daria's house they went into Fiona's room. She sat at her drum set and 
banged out a little tune for them. She was good. "Damn good!" Said Daria, in awe. Daria pulled 
out a key board and sat by it, playing a tune to go along with Fiona's drums. Jane grabbed Fi's 
base guitar and started playing along. They sounded much better than M. S, but they needed a 
guitar player.

    They turned on Sick Sad World, which Fiona had not seen yet. "Are religious women going on a 
quest for the holy grail...underwater? Nautical nuns, next on Sick Sad World" Said the announcer.
Fiona grinned. "We have something like this mindless drivel where I come from. They call it....
Baaarrrnnneeeyyy." Daria actually smiled, while Jane cracked up. 

    They headed on over to Jane's house and were surprised to see Trent arguing with all of M.S. 
sans Jesse. Nick and Max left, saying they quit. Trent just smiled. "Been meaning to do THAT for 
years. Felt good, too." And Jesse said "Yeah." "Hey Trent? Need a replacement band?" Jane asked, 
as the three girls held up their instruments. "I didn't know any of you played. Hey, who are 
you?" He asked, pointing at Fiona. Introductions were made, and the group agreed to try playing 
Offspring's "The Kids Aren't All Right." And again, they sounded better than before. 

    Trent walked over to a shelf and took out a hollow book. Inside was a paper that said "If the
Barfing Anarchists or Mystik Spiral should ever break up, the name's still belong to Trent Lane 
because he thought them up." The group read the paper and smiled. Trent called up Max and Nick 
and reminded them about this paper. They swore and hung up. Trent grinned again. They practiced 
all of Mystik Spiral's songs, and ruled out the dumb ones. They also wrote some new ones. The 
group started practicing after school. 

    When they graduated, they still practiced. They were getting gigs every night. Well paying 
gigs. They divided the cash up equally, and calculated that each week, each person made about 
$4,000.00, which was a total of $192,000.00 a year! They had been making 4 grand a month for 
almost a year before Jane, Daria, and Fiona would go to college. Trent and Jesse started at 
college too. They played at frat parties. They had made $960,000.00 by graduation. After college,
they hit the big time. Daria concentrated on her writing and her music, as did Jane with her art.
No one knows exactly what Fiona's calling was. That's the cheap story of Fiona and Mystik Spiral.
